The
1st Generation
is a group of fighters that follow the
0th generation
. It is also known as the Generation of Circles or the Generation of War. It was the only generation in which fists and circles coexisted. This generation ended when James Lee beat the circles. Sometime later, James Lee would appear as one of Charles Choi's Ten Geniuses and would start the
2nd generation
crews with the help of Charles along with the other nine geniuses.
History
The
1st Generation
was first revealed by DG episode 359 when DG explained to Daniel the
History of Fists
.
[
1
]
During this generation, Gapryong's followers began to fight each other for greed and power, and that struggle for power ended up with them recruiting high school students who were followers of the Pre-Generation. "The Fist" would rule over these groups of students known as "circles" and within those students, individuals would rise above them and become leaders known as "Kings". They tended to occupy larger areas such as a city and provinces in the countryside in order to run illegal businesses to make money.
There is known to be a "ranking" of Kings, where those of a higher ranking are from larger, more significant regions in Korea.
The generation was full of violence and had no romance. "Kings" and "Circles" would always be in a constant struggle fighting over territory until the strongest member of this generation,
James Lee
would appear. He ended the circles by defeating the kings, mutilating several of the kings in the process. It's unknown how many Kings he did this to, as kings like Jichang did not lose a body part, there are only two confirmed victims. He took
Taesoo Ma
's right eye and contributed to the loss of
Gongseob Ji
's right leg.
[
2
]
The fate of the fists that participated in the first generation is unknown but after this most people of the 1st Generation were scarred by him. Most of them would stay put in their own territory passing on the story of the Legend that ended the 1st Generation.
Most Kings would do the same, continuing their businesses in their own territories, other kings like, Gongseob Ji, would renounce their position and distance themselves from his past. After the flames of war died out, James Lee would become one of the ten genius and helped
Charles Choi
build a new era of the crews that would later become the
2nd Generation
. He would also be manipulated by Charles Choi which ended in him killing
Gapryong Kim
before disappearing without a trace.
[
1
]
Most of the 1st Generation would take in pupils from the 2nd Generation in order to pass on their training methods, they are still searching for James Lee to pay him back for what he did.
[
1
]
Synthesis
Generation 0.5:
This "generation" would exist after
pre-generation/generation 0
ended and
Gapryong Kim
handed over most of the organization to his followers (apparently they were pre-generation as well). And as
James Lee
says, those followers were a problem. Since these would start wars out of greed and thus the first generation would emerge. It is unknown what this "generation" would be like, but it is possible that the teams continued to be called Fists and their leaders would be Bosses.
Generation 1:
In this generation, Gapryong Kim's followers would recruit students for their power struggles. In this way, the pregeneration and those students would fight those wars together. The students associated with the pregeneration were called Circles, the leaders of these Circles were known as Kings. Possibly the leaders of the Fists (pre-generation/followers of Gapryong Kim) who participated in the First Generation were still called Chiefs.  Some time later, several Kings would go to Cheonliang to help Seongji Yuk. A year later, James Lee would wipe out the first generation by defeating the kings, as well as taking a part of their body (either an eye or a leg). Meanwhile, Charles Choi would already have all 10 of his geniuses at his disposal.
Shortly after, the second generation would begin with the meeting of Charles and some of his geniuses.
Conclusion:
It is not known what the fate of the fists was with the appearance of James Lee, because it is only mentioned how he defeated the circles to eliminate the links between the pre-generation and the first generation. You can only make theories and assumptions about what was the fate of the fists that participated in this generation
End of First Generation
Theories
1- The simplest answer (the most boring and disappointing) is that the Fists chickened out when they saw how the Circles were defeated and crushed by James Lee.
2- James Lee also took care of the Fists, but it was simply not mentioned explicitly because it perhaps seemed unnecessary to say it at the time. I consider it one of the most probable theories or the most probable.
3- The current king of Seoul would defeat the Fists, in my opinion it is less likely than the two previous theories.  I think it might be possible because he is very strong.
4- Daniel's second corps defeated the Fists. I consider it even less likely than the above theory (and by far) due to the fact that in those days he should only be a tween or teenager, plus no one recognized him.
Hypothesis
1- One of the three unrevealed geniuses of Charles Choi was the one who defeated the Fists and their Bosses (to put Charles Choi's plan into action and then start the next generation).
2- One of the followers of Gapryong Kim defeated the Fists and their Chiefs, the reason would be the indignation or regret for what the other followers of Gapryong Kim caused.
3- The person who would defeat the Fists would be a member of the "great power". I think at some point they will show us what they are or were capable of doing.
4- A character that we do not know at all was the one who crushed the Fists. I consider it less likely than the previous hypotheses, but who knows.
Members
Kitae Kim - King of Seoul
James Lee - One Man Circle
Seongji Yuk - Cheongliang King
Jinrang - Busan King
Jichang Kwak - Chungcheong King, Former King of Seoul
Taesoo Ma - Ansan King
Gongseob Ji - Daegu King
Seokdu Wang - Suwon King
Jaegyeon Na - Incheon King
Yujae Seon - Incheon King
Doksu Heo - Pyeongtaek King
Jinyong Go - Seongnam King
Mugeon Jang - Samcheok King
Seungwoo Han - Yongin King
Siheon Choi - Paju King
Museok Jang - Pohang King
Unnamed Original King of Chungcheong
Sanghui-han
and
Yeong Cheol Kim
- Circle Catchers
Unknown members of the
pre-generation
Dayoung Oh
- Former King of Busan
King of Seoul
Kitae Kim
One Man Circle
James Lee
Kings
Jichang Kwak ✟
Jinrang
Jaegyeon Na
Yujae Seon
Seongji Yuk✟
Gongseob Ji
Taesoo Ma
Seokdu Wang
Doksu Heo
Jinyong Go
???
???
Dayoung Oh ✟
Mugeon Jang
Seungwoo Han
Sıheon Choi
Museok Jang
???
???
???
???
???
Circles
Busan Circle
Sang Baek ✟
Hwang Jungseok
Hyun Baekjin
Jaegwang Do ✟
Hashik Song ✟
Incheon Circle (
Dark Faction
)
Mugak Wang
Jaun Ryu
Cheonmu Ha
Woongi Yeom
Jamal Rahid
Cheon Bang
Tao Ju
Yeonryong Sa
Incheon Circle (
Speed Faction
)
Roy Kwon
Sung Jegal
Yeowool Ha
Boknam Lee
Sebastian Kang
Sangcheok Circle
Hangi Yu
Seonggu Bae
Yongin Circle
???
???
Paju Circle
???
???
Pohang Circle
???
???
Members
Sanghui Han
Yeongcheol Kim
About the Provinces/Cities
Ansan
Ansan is an industrial city in Korea, located close to Seoul and south of Incheon, forming part of Gyeonggi Province. Now, within the series, Ansan has as King
Taesoo Ma
, whose unique fighting style is the use of only one fist (a style that was named Hard Fist).
During the First Generation, it is unknown what the "Ansan Circle" was like, or how Taesoo Ma ran it (or if he even ran it).
Currently
, Ansan's most notable crew is
Ansan Public
, which owns a karaoke bar.
After certain events, Ansan Public was subjugated by the
Workers' 5th Affiliate
, while still managed by
Eli Jang
. After the departure of
Eli Jang
and
Warren Chae
from Workers, Ansan's current status remains unknown.
Busan
Busan was under the rule by Dalyoung Oh, the head of Busan Gang and a former disciple of Gapryong Kim. He ruled with an iron fist, making the city bend towards his will, using Gapryong's name to get whatever he wanted.
This was until Lang Jin returned and rebelled against him, killing Dalyoung after he witnessed how Dalyoung mistreated his subordinates. This would lead to Lang Jin usurping the throne. Busan would then be reorganised under the Lang Jin Gang while their boss was serving time in prison.
Cheonliang
Seongji Yuk
did not participate in any financial activities in the past. He did not have a legitimate crew to rule over the region as majority of the region had been brainwashed. He lived on a mountain with the Cheonliang Fam to evade the
Shaman's
false god brainwashing.
Soon after the death of Seongji Yuk and kidnapping of
Cheon Taejin
, Cheonliang would be developed into a luxury resort with beaches, under the
HNH conglomerate.
Chungcheong
TBA
Daegu
TBA
Incheon
Known as the "land of war" or "land of internal conflict", Incheon is divided and under rule by two kings, since the 0th Generation, with
Jaegyeon Na
and
Yujae Seon
against each other. From flashbacks during the Busan arc and with context between James Lee's and Jaegyeon's conversation, James has some leverage over Jaegyeon. Which allows James some measure of control over the actions of Jaegyeon, as seen in the Busan arc where he betrayed Allied.
Pyeongtaek
TBA
Seoul
Seoul was originally run by
Jichang Kwak
, but later ceded to Kitae Kim after Jichang was taken down. It is known that Kitae immediately left for Mexico after claiming the seat of King of Seoul, leaving Seoul to be divided into the 4 Major Crews later in the Second Generation.
Seongnam
TBA
Suwon
Suwon engaged in a thug for hire business called the Suwon Staffing Agency run by Seokdu Wang. This business would be then taken over by the Workers' 5th Affiliate after its head got beaten by Eli Jang.
Similarities in Fighting Style
While all of the 1st generations fight in distinct styles, all of them run with a consistent theme of training one part of their body to reach its full potential. James Lee trained his legs to become so fast that no one could ever see his attacks, Jichang Kwak trained his hands and upper forearms to make his chops as sharp as blades, Taesoo Ma trained his left fist to become strong enough to crank even boulders, Gongseob Ji trained his torso to make his body be as durable as steel and Seokdu Wang trained his forehead to be able to kill people with just one headbutt.
Nameless Kings
Original King of Chungcheong:
We know of his existence thanks to a mention by
James Lee
, apparently he was defeated and usurped by
Jichang
, after this it is not known what happened to this King. The curious thing about him is that he dominated an entire province, in which there are several cities that could easily have other Kings, even with that problem he was able to dominate the entire place. It is unknown if in Lookism, Chungcheong is just one province OR if it is also divided in two like in real life. If he were the latter, it would mean that he dominated North and South Chungcheong, thus he would be known as the King of Chungcheong. From his level we only know that he is weaker than
Jichang
, so there is no way to calculate his strength, but he can/could/would be immensely powerful even to be stronger than Suwon, Seongnam and Pyeongtaek kings as he ruled over an area bigger than Seokdu, Pyeongtaek king and Seongnam king areas combined (now not assuming he is stronger than those three combined just that he ruled over an area larger), and it is also in the countryside and we know with Vin Jin that the only fun things to do in the country side is to fight.
Gallery
Ep. 359
- The circles of the 1st generation
Ep. 359
- James Lee looming over his enemies
Ep. 492
- All Kings arrives at Cheongliang
Ep. 492
- All King help request by Seongji
Seoul King
The Legend
Chungcheong King, Former Seoul King
Daegu King
Ansan King
Suwon King
Incheon King
Cheonliang King
Pyeongtaek King
Seongnam King
Trivia
It is unknown who were the members of the
pre-generation
that recruited students for their power struggles.
Every time James Lee fights a King, the background goes up in flames. The reasoning behind this is most likely the Kings' way of asking for help.
References
↑
1.0
1.1
1.2
Webtoon,
Episode 359
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 368