The
Second Generation
is the current era of fighters and where most of the main characters come from. Almost all of the Second Generation are high schoolers, some are successors of
1st Generation Kings
continuing their legacy. The majority of the Second Generation remains disunited and makes their money mostly through petty crimes committed by students, however, above all the disorganization and petty thief stood four gangs.
Unlike "Fists" and "Circles"  of the past, they were called "Crews," The
Four Major Crews
were founded by
Charles Choi
and the
Ten Geniuses
to help Charles Choi kickstart his
business
. Four pre-established gangs would be chosen and tasked to make at least a hundred million won a month legally and 3 out of the 4 leaders became Gun's successors.
Gun
has offered any of his successors who can unite the
four crews
under their leadership immense money and status, but none have been able to do so yet. The second generation tends to fight less than previous generations.
History
The End of the First Generation
After
James Lee
took down the First Generation by himself, Charles Choi had ambitions to skyrocket his business and accomplish his "big plan". This was when he founded the Ten Geniuses, nurturing each of these individuals to excel in their specialized fields, and to assist him in his dealings as well.
Two main individuals would mainly act in this, namely
Gun Park
and
Goo Kim
, establishing a large network of debt collecting businesses throughout Korea, They threatened the local crews that they would be destroyed completely if they did not pay up their dues.
The Founding of the Four Major Crews
Charles Choi then ordered Gun and Goo to start collecting dues from 4 crews in Seoul consisting of minors. Before this, they went to scout Gangbuk's legendary shoe thief
Johan Seong
and later successfully convince him to be the leader of the
God Dog
crew, in hopes that he would able to earn enough money to pay for his mother's eye surgery.
At the same time,
Eugene
began to formulate the business plan for the
Workers
, another crew included watching over the Gangnam district.
After Gangbuk, they went to Gangseo to find the reputable
Big Deal
led by
Sinu Han
. Sinu had put up strong resistance but was ultimately unable to save Big Deal from becoming one of the Four Major Crews. In order to prevent Big Deal from being annhilated, Sinu sold himself to the newly founded Workers for 2.2 Billion Won, leaving
Jake Kim
in charge.
After acquiring three crews, Gun went to Gangdong to recruit the last crew. He originally planned to recruit
Back Door
but was later impressed by
Eli Jang
's prowess and
Olly Wang
's business plans, putting
Hostel
as the fourth and last crew. After a series of unforseeable incidents and Eli Jang's disappearance, Hostel split into two,
Hostel A
being the one that pays the debts.
The Start of the Four Major Crews
Finally, Seoul was divided into
North: God Dog
,
South: Workers
,
East: Hostel
, and
West: Big Deal
. After this Charles would be able to start his business and rise the ranks in the world, he spent less and less attention to the Four Major Crews and Gun would take control. He would take the 3 out of the 4 crew heads and train them to become his successors. He wanted one of them to rise and give him an entertaining challenge and to motivate them, he would offer an immense amount of money and power if any of his candidates were able to unite the Four Major Crews under his leadership. While the Crews would usually kept to themselves, due to this newfound promise and the pressure of making the monthly quota, tensions would rise in Seoul as each crew leader vied for Gun's succession, and like the Generations before them, they soon began fighting for territory and this tension would last for 2 years.
Daniel Park enters the picture
In order to obtain the secret as to why Daniel Park has two bodies, DG requests Daniel to unite the Four Major Crews. As he does so, he uncovers the evil deeds each crew has been doing for money: Hostel exploiting the Runaway Fam, Big Deal's Numbers Racket and God Dog's fake bank account scams.
Fate of the Crews
God Dog had self-destructed and was disqualified by Gun after J-High and the Burn Knuckles had intervened and put a stop to their illegal businesses, leaving Johan Seong as its lone member.
After God Dog,
Daniel Park
targetted Hostel next. He managed to rise through the ranks and infiltrate Olly Wang's Hostel A and reunite Hostel B. Eli had conflict with Olly which ultimately led to Hostel B's destruction and Hostel A's disqualification.
After Hostel, Daniel Park went to find clues regarding James Lee, which led him to Moon High School, where he encounters Gun Park. After a long time fighting, Gun is impressed with Daniel's fighting and gives him the Black Badge and a ONE MCN card, instructing him to destroy the Workers on his behalf.
Later, Jake Kim is released from prison and recovers Sinu Han from the Workers, and as a result wages war on them. The Workers make the first move and attack Big Deal street. They fail to burn down Big Deal street after facing strong resistance from both Big Deal and J-High, but the police, siding with the Workers, interfere and Big Deal is now wanted for causing "a gang fight between teenagers and illegal immigrants".
The Workers
have
Hostel
on their side,
God Dog
is gone, and
Big Deal
is on the brink of extinction. The Workers have managed to unify the Four Major Crews.
In response,
Daniel
creates his Crew
"Allied"
whose purpose is to stop the
Workers
, although Daniel is also interested in stopping
Charles Choi
.
Four Major Crews
See main article:
Four Major Crews
The Four Major Crews in the Seoul area were divided by territory, with J-High located in central Seoul, right in the middle of the four crews. After the battle between Big Deal and the Workers, the four crews were unified under the Workers.
The Four Major Crews:
Big Dea
l
- Crew of Gangseo (West)
God Dog
- Crew of Gangbuk (North)
Workers
- Crew of Gangnam (South)
Hostel
- Crew of Gangdong (East)
Synthesis
Generation 1.5/"generation" of geniuses
This "generation" would take place after James Lee finished the First Generation. Charles Choi would manage to train the 10 geniuses, it is not known if before or after the death of Gapryong Kim. The legend of Generation 0 would suddenly die and no one knows how or why. From the statements of some characters, it is known that the King of Seoul and James Lee were the ones who killed Gapryong Kim. It is unknown which of these statements is true or if they are both correct (that is, that the two killed Gapryong Kim). Shortly after, Charles with some of his geniuses would begin the second generation.
Sinu Han (
The Boy of Promise
)
Goo Kim (
The Weapon Genius
)
Gun Park (
Shiro Oni
)
Generation 2/generation of the 4 major crews
These
crews
which were created by
Charles Choi
are meant to make money for Charles Choi to start his own business with some criminal activities. These crews are
Workers
,
Big Deal
,
Hostal
and
God Dog
. They can only get money legally, but they can also get money illegally (not to be caught though, obviously).
Charles
still had 10 of his geniuses to help him with his business in different aspects and areas, that is, each genius has a responsibility to help him in a certain area in which his expertise lies. Of the
ten geniuses
, we know 7 of them:
Crystal Choi
,
Gun Park
,
Goo Kim
,
Diego Kang(DG)
,
Kouji
,
Tom Lee
and
Jinyoung Park
(with the latter it is a surprise that he will help
Charles
).
Conclusion:
The Workers
were able to unite the
four crews
, they have
Hostel
on their side,
God Dog
is no more, they dominated the territory (Gangseo) of
Big Deal
.
Daniel
created his own
crew
to stop them, though upon learning of
Charles Choi's
misdeeds, he too is interested in stopping the latter.
Members
Allied
Daniel Park
Zack Lee
Vasco
Vin Jin
Hudson Ahn
Jay Hong
*Suhyeon Kim
*Jihan Kwak
*
Not "Official Member"
Burn Knuckles
Vasco
Jace Park
Leonn Lee
Damon Goh
Woong
Jimmy Wang
Mason Hwang
Ira Oh
Seongryong Choi
Dwight
Ten Geniuses
Crystal
Kouji
God Dog
Johan Seong
Big Deal
Jake Kim
Jerry Kwon
Jason Yoon
Brad Lee
Lua Im
Lineman
Hostel B
Eli Jang
Sally Park
Warren Chae
Max Kang
Derrick Jo
Ryan the Cat
Amy Lee
Natalie Cho
Yenna Jang
Ansan Public
Hudson Ahn
Channing Choi
Jacky Lee
Workers
Eugene
Mandeok Bang
Yuseong
Hangyeoul Baek
Mitsuki Soma
Ryuhei Kuroda
Kenta Magami
Sato Kazuma
Taegon Wi
Hwang Ho
Sowol Jin
Huseong Ha
Vivi
Xiaolong
Seokdu Staffing Agency
Changyong Ji
Dosu Lee
Taekbeom Ju
Byeonggwang Heo
Byeonggeon Heo
K House
Jin Jang
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Scott Kwon
Ivan Park
Hope Park
Dominic Min
Mark Sa
Seth Lee
Matt Kang
Brett Lee
Loyalty
Partnership
Backdoor Members
Darius Hong
Ethan Hwang
Wally Lee
Cheongliang Fam
MC Pesticides
MC Rice Bag
Goo Kim and His Secret Friends
Samuel Seo
Cheon Taejin
Isu Jo
Logan Lee
Alexander Hwang
Deceased Members
Olly Wang
Jiho Park
Mysteries
One of the mysteries of this generation is the second body of Daniel. Apparently a perfected version of the protagonist (Daniel), his own fighting style was unknown until he entered the UI state. In this state, he showed that he knows all kinds of martial arts. For now, there is no clue to his identity. The alarming thing about the second body would be his resemblance to Daniel Park and Jinyoung Park.
Another mystery is related to the second body of Daniel and James Lee. And this mystery would be why Daniel (big) has the identity of James Lee. If Charles Choi could create a false identity for James Lee (the false identity is Diego Kang) why didn't he do the same with Daniel (big)? He decided to give him an existing identity, instead of giving him a fake one like he did with James Lee.
The true identity of Big Daniel is unknown, for a moment it was believed to be James Lee but it was confirmed that it was someone else. Therefore there is no clue who he could be, much less because he looks like "little" Daniel and Jinyoung Park.
Somehow, Jinyoung Park was one of Charles Choi's 10 geniuses. This would clearly mean that he helped him in some way, the question is why would he do that? It was recently mentioned that there was a feud between Jinyoung Park and Elite/Charles, so it is unlikely that Jinyoung decided to help him. Possibly Jinyoung was threatened or his family was threatened.
Apparently, Jinyoung has a memory that makes him want to die. One would think it was because of Gapryong's death, but in his fight against Tom Lee it was shown that Jinyoung already knew about Gapryong's death and believed that Tom Lee was his killer (for unknown reasons). But in the middle of the fight he remembered something that made him completely crazy.
The last detail related to Jinyoung Park would be the comment he made when he discovered Daniel's secret. Jinyoung wondered if the same thing happened to Daniel. That dialogue can have two interpretations. First, the other person who also has a second body like Daniel could be Jinyoung Park (his second body of his or his original body would be a mystery). Second, Jinyoung knows another person who has two bodies (he possibly knows about Crystal's case because he is one of the ten geniuses or maybe he knows another character who had two bodies).
James Lee's intentions to find Jinyoung Park are uncertain. In case he's an infiltrator working for Charles Choi in secret, he'll obviously kill Jinyoung or something. And in case he really did betray Charles Choi, there's no telling why James Lee is so sure that Jinyoung Park knows secrets that could hurt Charles. Daniel did well to continue to mistrust James Lee, he has no good reason to trust him.
About the above unknown, we can also wonder about the comment Charles Choi makes in chapter 177. After Daniel asked him about the identity and origin of the perfect body, Charles says that he will tell him when he surpasses DG. Then Charles mentions that DG made him a lot of money but he became too important/big. Charles Choi probably already knew that DG would betray him at some point, that would explain why he wanted to recruit Jichang to his side. Although another reason why he did the latter could be due to the unpredictability in Goo's actions and what he intends to do. And if it was for both reasons, Charles would be losing two very important allies, but considering that Charles Choi has the power to destroy all four teams, it is very certain that he will have several people who are at the level of a King of First Generation or higher (which we currently don't know about). Which would not be unusual since Eugene himself has several allies of that caliber.
Was the death of Daniel's father a murder? Daniel's grandmother went crazy when she saw the resemblance that the latter had with Jinyoung Park. She mistook Daniel for Jinyoung and shouted, claiming that he had killed her son (Daniel's Father).
Why did James Lee change his identity to Diego Kang?  He was more than capable to take down the First Generation in their prime, now that they have aged and some lost body parts, why would he fear them?
Gallery
Ep. 368
- James Lee claims that the second generation is far from weak