The
Busan's Four Major Crews
are a form of organization of the Busan territory into four gangs, this model which was based on the way used by Charles Choi to raise money through the
Four Major Crews of Seoul
.
These crews are extremely feared among the Busan region, and even mentioning them can bring tension to Busan residents. These four crews are commanded by five dangerous individuals, whose fighting skills are known to be high.
Currently, there are rumors that these crews were unified through a man who was recently released from prison:
Jinrang
.
History
To be added...
Organization
Busan is separated into 4 areas, also called "Turfs", these areas are numbered from 1 to 4. Each of these areas is organized by a specific crew, with each crew having someone as its head.
In total, there are 5 heads for the 4 areas, with Area 1 having one more head. It is possible to determine the head of that area by means of a silver ring with the symbol of Busan that they are often wearing.
In the case of Jinrang, who recently became the leader of these unified crews, he wears a golden ring with the symbol of Busan.
Area 1
Area 1 is widely known for its "roombar" business. A roombar is an adult entertainment establishment where customers can pay to drink and chat in private rooms with hostesses.
This business is managed by
Arin Shin
and
Jihoon Min
. Currently, Area 1 is facing problems with the emergence of a karaoke bar in the area, managed by
Hudson Ahn
and owned by
Ansan Public
.
Area 2
In Area 2, there are several pubs, pubs that have several tables to play the game of "hold 'em" poker. Even though pubs with these games are legal, bars are not, and this is what they do away from the spotlight: several bars that play poker illegally, due to the clarification of the rules, apparently they also offer some in-house system in these bars to help players to continue betting.
Its head is
Hyukjin Park
.
Area 3
Area 3 is directly connected to Busan ports. There, they smuggle young foreign girls, this business is the one that generates the most money among all the Four Big Groups in Busan.
His methods are brutal and cruel, he smuggles young girls by hiding them on ships. When the police are about to catch them, they hide the crime by sinking the ship, along with the smuggled girls in the cold ocean.
Its head is
Sangjin Hyun
.
Area 4
Area 4 has a more direct business: clandestine fights. Initially the place was used to resolve disputes between sailors, but it ended up becoming more and more popular, to the point where most people in the region know about the Arena.
It is implied that there are several categories of fights in the Arena, such as fights with bladed weapons or bare hands. Fights are normally carried out one-on-one, with no rules or restrictions on techniques to be used against the opponent. The people watching then choose a fighter that they think will be the winner, and then bet on him, thus, the winnings go to the fighter, and possibly part also goes to whoever is organizing the fight, thus sustaining the Area's business.
Its head is
Jinchan Kang
, who is also the Arena champion.