Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Family
Crystal Choi
He is Crystal's father, and is the only person who knows the fact that she has two bodies. He has also ordered Crystal to keep an eye on Daniel, presumably because he doesn't want him to mess up and reveal his secret.
Ten Geniuses
DG
In Chapter 108, DG stands up for Charles, saying that Charles had been the one who had taken care of him ever since he was young. Charles also makes him the CEO of
PTJ Entertainment
.
He is referenced as being one of Charles Choi's weaknesses, as Charles helped to cover up DG's involvement in one of South Korea's most infamous murder cases, the murder of
Gapryong Kim
.
Gun Park
Charles met Gun while working in juvenile prison. He hired him for his fighting prowess. Later on, he hired Gun to be Crystal's bodyguard.
Goo Kim
Several years prior to the series, Charles sent Gun to test Goo to see if he had potential to become Gun's partner. He later hired him to be his bodyguard. Currently, he is suspicious that Goo is collaborating with Workers in an effort to take him down.
Pre-Generation
Jinyoung Park
The two were both comrades working alongside each other. When Charles' old name "Elite" was brought up to the current Jinyoung in ep. 403, it sent him into a frenzy.
[
1
]
Tom Lee
Charles shows respect to his longtime partner, showing that he can count on him for whatever is needed.
Gapryong Kim
It is not known what happened between the two, but it appears that at some point, Charles began to disagree with Grapryong.
Other
Daniel Park
After Daniel (old body) is lead back to his own house after investigating the true identity of his new body, Charles is seen waiting for Daniel at his house. He begins to attack Daniel who is easily defeated, and says to him that James Lee doesn't exist, and that it was all fabricated to keep his secret safe. Then, after Daniel asks to know why he has the new body, he says that he would have to surpass DG.
Jake Kim
Charles is initially indifferent towards Jake, sometimes even underestimating him, but seems to admire him for his resemblance to his father.
Steve Hong
He and Steve are both CEOs, and they have known each other for a long time, but are not friends.
[
2
]
Reference
↑
Episode 403
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 262