Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Charles Choi
(최동수
Choi Dong Soo
)
, also known as
Elite
, is the main antagonist of
Lookism
. He was the father of Crystal Choi and the CEO of HNH Group, a conglomerate company that owned many smaller businesses. He was one of the few people that knew about
Daniel
and Crystal's secret. During the
1st Generation
, Charles Choi used
DG
to kill
Gapryong Kim
. This incident was completely hidden, according to
Eugene
, it was the incident with the murder of
Baekho Kwon
and Gapryong Kim that was Charles' weakness. He also has been implied to have killed
Daniel's father
.
After the incidents of
The Hunt for Gun
, it was revealed through the Red Paper that Charles Choi worked with the
Yamazaki Clan
during the
0th Generation
which led to Charles Choi jumping from the top of Gun's hideout and committing suicide in front of the whole world. It was also revealed that reveal of the red paper and his death was part of Charles' plan.
Appearance
Charles was a tall and muscular middle-aged man with sunken black eyes, sharp eyebrows, a white beard and slicked hair that was graying wih age, his outfit consisted in a white polo shirt with a black tie with black stripes under a dark gray business suit and black shoes. In his introduction, Charles wears a navy blue tie with white stripes and a beige business suit with brown shoes under a carmine red cloak, as well a black tank top shirt under a black pair of pants and sports jacket with white stripes.
In his youth, Charles used to wear round glasses and have a black hair styled in a fringe, as well a light gray sweater under a pair of white suspenders and white pants with black stripes
Personality
He exerted an air of authority as he was able to silence anyone simply by walking through the room. He seemed to be extremely shrewd. He is said to have betrayed Gapryong Kim by siding with the Yamazaki Syndicate during the 0th Generation.
Fighting Prowess
During his youth, Elite was the second in command of
Gapryong Kim
's fist, mastering a technique that around only one person per generation would be able to master. Known as
Invisible Attacks
, it is described as attacking your opponents blind spots so fast, the attacks become invisible to the eye, becoming a threat to Gapryong Kim at the time. His variation of Invisible Attacks involves kicking and attacking the back of the head of the opponent.
Charles is also a master strategist, being able to outwit and kill both
Jichang Kwak
and
Noh Bakgu
.
However, due to old age and health problems, and his amputated arm, he has been unable to properly utilise his Invisible Attacks properly. Despite this, he was still able to overpower Jichang Kwak, and take down "No.1" of the Workers' First Affiliate with ease.
Quotes
"
Do you think, a snake could slay a tiger?
"
Trivia
Despite being introduced in chapter 108, his name was not revealed until chapter 262.
He was the one to create the
Four Major Crews
, with the help of
DG
,
Gun
and
Goo
and the other
Ten Geniuses
.
He was the Second-in-Command of Gapryong's Fist Gang in the pre-generation. He went by the name of
Elite
.
He used to live in Daniel's current house, before he became successful.
There are speculations of
DG
being his second body, that he exploited to defeat multiple first generation fighters, as well as murder Gapryong Kim and Baekho Kwon.
Charles Choi is the one who created the two body system, as revealed by
Jinyeong Park
.
Charles Choi has committed treason by siding with the Yakuza, the underworld of Japan.
He met
Gun Park
when he was a cleaner in a juvenile prison.
References
Navigation