“
Copy without talent is nothing but a cheap facsmile.
”
— Jinyeong Park,
Ep. 461
"Can you copy the generations I've lived through?" - Jinyeong Park, the first Copy user since the History of the Fist
The "Copy" Technique is a very unique and a one-in-a-million Technique that is only present in less than a handful of Fighters across the three generations. This Technique allows the user to replicate the move based on memory, with flawless execution. This is an extremely rare talent that has never surfaced in the First Generation (from knowledge), and only has been seen in the
0th
and the
2nd
. Not even Tom Lee, the
Genius of Fighting
, possesses this ability
Explanation
The copy ability allows its user to perfectly replicate in a 1:1 way the movement he has observed, this makes those who possess this technique extremely dangerous, being able to increase their strength while fighting against powerful opponents. Furthermore, copying is not limited to whoever originally possessed the technique/fighting style, a Copycat if he meets another Copycat, one can copy each other's techniques as well.
It is implied that this talent is heriditary in both the Park and Seong family, as uncle-nephew duo Jinyoung and Daniel Park, and relatives Johan and Haru Seong possess this ability.
Difference between "Copy" and "Imitation"
As said by
Jinyeong Park
, not everyone can simply use this technique, as copying requires talent to do so. In other words, a fighter who does what his opponent just did is not necessarily a Copycat, for example;
Kitae Kim
can try to copy
Jichang's
Hand Blades, or even the strength of his father,
Gapryong Kim
, but this is nothing more than a cheap imitation.
Types of Copy
There are two forms of copies; the copying of a technique and the copy of an individual's physique.
Technique Copy
Daniel Park's 2nd body copying Hard Fist
This type of copy is the most used, allowing the user to perform and execute a movement that they have seen. However, there are fighting techniques/styles that require more specific training, therefore making this technique difficult to copy. For example; in his original body,
Daniel Park
couldn't copy
Taesoo Ma's
Hard Fist and other
1st Generation Kings'
fighting styles, so he had to undergo training to make his body fit for it.
This use of the Copy cannot fully 1:1 replicate the
true essence
of a strike. Even with the perfect body, Daniel Park is unable to replicate the essence of
Gongseob Ji
's domain of one step,
Taesoo Ma
's Ultimate Fist and
Jinrang
's Conviction.
Infinite Technique
Johan Seong's library of copied fighting styles, integrated into one
Johan Seong's awakened variation of the Copy Technique: he is able to integrate a collection of fighting styles into a simple strike, allowing it numerous strike arcs, landing even when it does not directly hit.
Physical Copy
Johan Seong copying Daniel Park's second body
This type of copy allows its user to imitate the physique of extremely powerful individuals for a short period of time/attacks. For example;
Johan Seong
used this copying ability to imitate Daniel Park's perfect body in
Ultra Instinct
for 10 seconds, or
Jinyeong Park
copying
Gapryong Kim's
Innate Strength
and Fighting Style for three attacks.
Therefore, it is extremely dangerous to try to go beyond the limits of this copy, when a Copycat tries to go beyond the safe limit of this copy, the feeling is as if their body is shattering and breaking into pieces.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 324: Onde Night II (End)