"
God has chosen this place, the lowest of all places, through dogs. And I'm the Messiah.
"
—Cult Leader  in
episode 136
The
Cult Leader
is a minor character in
Lookism
.
Appearance
He is a middle aged man with combed black hair and a shaved stubble.
Personality
On the outside, the cult leader presents himself as a kind father-like figure to Johan and listens to other people's problems, acting as their savior.
In reality, he is a manipulative psychopath who has brainwashed and drugged multiple people, making them join his cult. He has absolutely no morals as he is not above scamming children and disabled people for his own gain, even taking enjoyment in these cruel acts. He feels no empathy for Johan, despite knowing his tragic reality, even smiling sadistically at manipulating his mother. He was also willing to cut off his hands and feet and locking him in his dog house. He is also very perverted, seeing as he stalked then later attempted to rape Mira, a middle schooler. When his rule is threatened, he reverts to a temper tantrum state, screaming that he is god. It is unknown if he genuinely believes he is god or is attempting to lie.
Furthermore, he is willing to fake a disability in order to get what he wants as shown when he becomes homeless and tries to get food.
He seemingly has an obsession with dogs, believing they are the key to godhood. He uses dogs to attack any unwanted intruders. He claims this is because they obey his every command when in actuality, he uses meat to control them
Relationships
Johan Seong
Johan looked up to the cult leader and would seek advice from him in a fatherly way. While the cult leader seemed to care for Johan, this was all a facade to hide his true nature from him as he would show no remorse in trying to kill him after manipulating him into his cult, which he tried to save his mom from.
Johan's mother
Like Johan, he seemed to be an ally to her. However, this was a facade to manipulate her into his cult. He shows no remorse over calling her a blind bitch and attacking her.
Mira Kim
He had a shameless pedophilic attraction to Mira with heavy implications he tried to rape her.
Synopsis
Backstory
The cult leader appears in Johan's backstory. He used to attend
Johan's
church but since then has started a cult, which he called the Church of Eden. Johan would often confide in him about his issues, and he agreed to accompany
Johan's mother
to his cult.
The cult leader used his charm to get people to join his church. He fed off their insecurities and promised them salvation if they listened to his every word, because he was their 'messiah'. He used drugs (which he likely brought from
Vivi
or her affiliates from
Workers 3rd Affiliate
) to make them susceptible to his influence. He trained his followers to worship dogs, which he controlled using scented liquids. If his followers disobeyed him they were either tortured or killed.
The cult leader tries to get Johan's mother to join his cult but she stopped when she realized her son was in danger. He attempted to stone her to death but Johan saved his mother. The cult leader also tried to rape
Mira
, but he was stopped by Johan's mother who instigated his dogs to attack him. The cult leader was eventually arrested and became homeless, making money using disability scams. Later, he got beat up and mugged by a group of
Hostel
thugs.
Fighting Prowess
He doesn’t seem to have any fighting skill, mainly relying on his dogs and cultists to do his dirty work.
Quotes
The meek shall inherit the Earth. God has chosen this place. The lowest of all places... through dogs.
Trivia
TBA
Gallery
Cult Arc
Ep. 132
- Preacher helping
Ep. 133
- Preacher talking to Johan
Ep. 134
- Johan's mother & pastor getting split
Ep. 135
- Everyone running away
Ep. 136
- Cult Leader takes Mira
Ep. 137
- Cult Leader undressing
Homeless Arc
Ep. 192
- Cult Leader trying to scam people
Ep. 193
- Cult Leader waiting in line
Daniel Park vs. Logan Lee
Ep. 198
- Cult Leader beaten by Moley & his friends
Hostel Branch Arc
Ep. 256
- Zack's flashback
References
Navigation
v
•
e
Minor Character Navigation
Adults
Aru Lee
•
Brekdak
•
Daniel's mother
•
Daniel's Manager
•
Johan's mother
•
Lasol
•
Oliver Jang
Minors
Woojin
•
Daehoon Shin
•
Seonong Ham
•
Soomi
•
Stalker Girl
•
TikTacTok Girl
•
Wally Lee
•
Yenna Jang
•
Yeonhui
•
Yong Lee
Animals
Enu
•
Eden
•
Miro
•
Ryan the Cat