Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Appearances
Exposition
Breakaway
Lee Jinsung
Vasco
Hong Jay Yeol
Festival
Paprika TV
Secondhand Rana
Midterms
Autumn Boot Camp
Pavlov's Dog
Lee Euntae
Abandoned Dog Enu
Attention Whore
Jae Yeol and Enu's Pups
Fitting Model
Jinsung's Date
Dangerous Part Time Job
Vasco's Birthday Party
Illegal Toto
Sports Festival
PTJ Entertainment
Jae Yeol's Wallet
Stalker
Second Year
Troubled Transfer
First Love
Cult
Picnic
Animal Cruelty
Thanksgiving
Seonong Goes to Seoul
Crystal's Investigation
Fake Bank Account
Daniel Park's Death
The Truth Behind Daniel Park
Vasco's Blind Date
Juvenile Prison
Zack's Babysitting Diaries
Daniel Park
Homeless
Daniel Park vs Logan Lee
God Dog
Jacedaichi Case Files
Runaway Fam
Eli Jang
Wuthering J High
Jin Jang's Analysis
Hostel Branch
One Night
Juvenile Prison Jiho Park
Hostel
Daniel Park VS Gun
Workers (4 affiliates)
VS Johan Seong
Jake Kim
One Night II
Club
Workers (3 Affiliates)
The Summit Meeting
James Lee
One Night III
Jiho's Last Moment
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
The Kidnapping of Daniel Park
The Hunt for Hostel
First Generation King
Synopsis
Daniel Park used to be bullied a lot by Logan Lee.
[
1
]
When his mother witnessed his bullying, he decided to transfer schools to escape Logan. He moved to a new house and got into a fight with Zack Lee in his old body. He cried himself to sleep, but when he woke up he saw he had a new body, which was handsome and strong.
[
2
]
Daniel decided to go to school in his new body and work at a convenience store in his old one. He quickly gained popularity for his looks, and boys became jealous of him. He beat both Zack and Vasco in a fight, and became enemies with the Burn Knuckles before Vasco changed his mind about him. Zack used to bully him as well, until he learned about Daniel's struggles. During his time in school he made friends with Zoe, Jiho, Duke, and Jay, who became his best friend.
A few months in school there was a transfer student named Crystal Choi, who many people thought was unattractive. Daniel fell in love with her, and she fell in love with his actual body. However, neither of them knew that they both had two bodies. When Crystal and Daniel met for a second time, they resented each other because each thought the other was arrogant. They took turns taking care of the lost dog Enu before Daniel adopted her and gave her puppies to Jay.
DG became interested in Daniel when he heard about him from Gun. He told Daniel that he could tell him the secret of his bodies if he united the four crews. Daniel came across Johan Seong, the leader of the God Dogs, and they became friends. When Jiho got scammed by the God Dogs, Daniel offered to help get his bank account back. He even helped save Jiho from James Gong, but Jiho became jealous of Daniel and pushed the two of them out of a window, making Daniel's second body enter a coma.
While trying to learn about his secret, he ran into Crystal's father, who told him he had to surpass DG to learn about his secret. Logan Lee had also began bullying Daniel in his old body, and forcing him to woo Zoe for him. Daniel became overwhelmed and decided to run away and become homeless for some time. He eventually returned to find out Logan was sexually harassing Zoe. He fought Logan in his old body, and was able to get his second body back.
Daniel returned to school and met up with Johan, who offered him a position in the God Dogs. He refused, and made a promise to destroy all four gangs. He later became interested in Hostel when he learned they were using pictures of girls to sell perverted items. He infiltrated Hostel and managed to save some girls from prostitution scams. While Jace and Johan were busy fighting Hostel, Daniel and his friends went on a trip to Cheongliang and met up with members of Vin's old gang who wanted revenge on him.
Daniel returned to school when he learned Jasmine was missing again. He found her after Zack, who told him he could not take her home. When Zack refused to tell him why, Daniel assumed he was being unreasonable and decided to fight him.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 1
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 2