Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Family:
Daniel's grandma
Daniel's mother
At first, when Daniel was being bullied, he blamed his mother for everything. However, as the story progresses, he begins to appreciate everything his mother has done for him.
David
(cousin)
Dylan
(cousin)
Sarah
(cousin)
Jinyoung Park
(Maternal Uncle)
Jinyoung Park is the only one apart from Charles Choi and James Lee to know about Daniel's two bodies. In chapter 439 and 440 ,
Bakgu Noh
calls Daniel as young master and tells him that he looks exactly like Jinyoung Park when he was young and tells
Jichang Kwak
not to put ' his' blood line in jeopardy. With this we know that he is related to jinyoung park in a way.After the cheonling arc we find out that Jinyoung Park is actually Daniel's Mother's younger brother.
Daniel's Old School:
Hyeji
Hyeji's boyfriend
Logan Lee
Mae Kim
J High School:
Crystal Choi
Crystal liked the original Daniel, despite them seeming to despise each other mutually whenever they met in their new body, both having slight prejudice against people with an attractive exterior. However, as the plot progressed, the negative feelings between the two seemed to subside, especially during the Stalker Arc. She won the auction for a date with him in her second body, yet she never went on a date with him. Crystal has shown to be suspicious of Daniel's second body and attempts to investigate, but has not found any concrete evidence.
However as the plot progressed, despite Crystal's original body appearences was reduced,  it is left ambiguous if Daniel has abandoned any feelings for the original Crystal.
Doo Lee
Duke Pyeon
Daniel respects Duke for his commitment to music despite receiving a lot of hardship for his appearance. Duke reminds Daniel of what he could be if he tries harder. He is the one who helped Duke get into PTJ and supports him by watching him and appearing as a guest on his channel from time to time.
Eli Jang
Gordon Park
Han Park
Jay Hong
Jay is Daniel's best friend. The two are refered to and shown to be very close multiple times throughout the episodes, as Jay appears to be deeply caring for Daniel's wellness. Indeed, Jay is often shown doing nice things for Daniel, without him realizing it most of the time (buying him thousand of dollars worth of clothes, giving Daniel very expensive schoolbooks for him to study with, involving himself in fights for Daniel even though Jay hates fighting, etc). Jay even has pictures of Daniel on his phone and wallet, and becomes quite panicked if he looses them. Their bond is also demonstrated through the fact that Daniel is one of the only persons who can understand him, as Jay is only ever seen in the webtoon speaking in dots.
Jace Park
Jace Is The Best All Time Friend Of Vasco They Both Were Bullied By Seniors Of Their School They Faced Torture With Bravery Some Anime Characters Don Like Jace Because His Ears Are Very Large That Make Him Look Like An Ugly Man
Joy Hong
Jiho Park
Kay Jang
Kouji
Mira Kim
Vasco
Vasco is one of Daniel's inspirations to begin working out in his old body. He admires the dedication Vasco has in improving himself and the loyalty that the Burn Knuckles have towards him. Vasco is one of the first people in the story to call Daniel a friend, and encourages Daniel to constantly improve himself.
Vin Jin
Yui Kim
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
When Daniel transferred to J High School, she immediately started flirting with him. In fact, she was the first girl to have ever flirted with him. Although Zoe at first didn't respect Daniel in his original body, she began falling in love with the original Daniel after he saved her from an internet stalker, which seemed to confuse her because she still has a crush on the new Daniel.
Allies
Jake Kim
"Seoul, The Land where Monsters fight. He commands those Monsters. He is a Genius no one can deny. Someone who rose from the Bottom.
He's the Head of Allied.
"
- Jake Kim warning Yujae Seon about Daniel Park Ch.563
James Lee (DG)
James is the only one, alongside Charles Choi and Jinyoung Park, that knows about Daniel's two bodies.
Steve Hong
Daniel and Steve are allies, with a goal to investigate
Charles Choi
.
Others
Charles Choi
Gun Park
Gun Park is one of the first people to recognise Daniel's talent of copying fighting skills and techniques. In chapter 285 & 286 where Daniel and Gun fought, Daniel broke Gun's arm, he acknowledged Daniel and said that he'll help him destroy the 4 major crews.
When Daniel second body was caught by the workers Daniel came to Gun asking to be taught how to fight and become stronger. Gun takes him and trains him in a junkyard for a month and Gun calls him his masterpiece.