Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Every parent's dream
James Lee abandoned apartment
DG was previously known as James Lee, the Legend of the First Generation who put a violent end to the first generation via a swift and (presumably) individual defeat of all of his contemporaries. He disappeared after accomplishing his goal, but soon reappeared in Seoul as one of Charles Choi's
ten geniuses
taking part in the creation of the
four major crews
. His exploits and power were so great that he became a target, leading to him assuming a new identity as DG the pop star. Thus he changed his name, attitude and the way of talking as he accomplished his goal.
[
1
]
James Lee's father's market
DG was placed as a trainee after
Oliver
, quickly becoming world famous due to his skills and appearance. DG became a very famous singer and the head of PTJ Entertainment.
[
2
]
James Lee's school uniform
While investigating his second body, Daniel discovered several clues about DG's previous life as James Lee. Daniel discovers a file containing a clue about his second body: it is called James Lee. The file gives information about James Lee's address, that he lives alone and his parents live overseas. He visits the address on the file and finds it is empty and abandoned except for James Lee's jacket. The jacket leads him to a school with many awards and trophies addressed to James Lee. He finds a photo of a market with a family, and an old man there says that a boy and his father used to live there five years ago.
[
3
]
Plot
Pavlov's Dog
DG asks Crystal during a meeting if he can go visit Daniel since he is curious about him, and the president is also keeping an eye on Daniel.
PTJ Entertainment
DG
observes Daniel's skills and grows suspicious of him. At the agency Daniel meets DG, who is disappointed at Daniel for working in a convenience store. Daniel tries to get him to explain but he walks away. DG invites Crystal to a meeting with the executives of PTJ Entertainment, making Aru jealous.
DG,
Gun
and Crystal discuss Aru's departure and DG tells them about the photoshoot Aru is scheduled to do. Crystal asks why DG is not doing anything, and he reassures her that he has a plan. DG informs them in front of the director that he used his shares to vote in remove the director from his position as CEO of the company, and replace him with Charles Choi. He bought more shares during the drop in price as well, and added those to his previous shares.
At the end of the incident DG tells Daniel that he has no reason to talk to him now, and he will approach him when the time is right.
Stalker
Crystal congratulates DG on his position as the new CEO of PTJ Entertainment. He tells her he more happy that his stalker has stopped harassing him, a woman he was terrified of for a very long time.
Jake Kim
Gun calls James Lee, a student, to tell him that Big Deal will now run Gangseo.
Later James Lee meets with Goo Charles Choi, Tom Lee, Eugene to discuss starting the four major crews. Goo asks what James Lee is planning on the side with Charles Choi, since he is busy with Eugene creating the four crews. James Lee simply greets him.
Workers (3 Affiliates)
DG shows up in front of Daniel and asks why he has Vivi's cookies.
An Invitation From the Dead
DG
confiscates the cookies from
Daniel
and is too fast for him to take them back. He pats Daniel down and recognizes that he is Daniel Park. Daniel is surprised because he hasn't met him in the little body. DG asks Daniel if his secret move was taught by
Sophia Alexander
. DG eventually decides to give the cookies back to Daniel because he intends to meet
Steve Hong
himself. He also gives Daniel his phone number and tells him that he will share any secret he wants to know.
James Lee
Eugene
tells Daniel the story of James Lee and the
History of Fists
. James was from the first generation of gangsters, following pre-generation and before the second generation (the current one.) He was one of the most influential people of that era, but only people who were close to him know anything more than that. Daniel asks what would happen if someone else called him James Lee, and Eugene becomes stern and asks for more information.
Daniel asks DG if he can tell him James Lee, and DG tells him that he can only choose to learn about one thing: either the secret of the two bodies, or James Lee. Daniel asks how DG knows about the two bodies, and DG tells him that he's known about Daniel's bodies since the beginning. He then says he will tell Daniel both things eventually, but to pick what is most important to his goals now. Daniel decides to learn about James Lee.
DG tells him about the History of Fists. The 0th generation were the generation of fists. They were headed by
Gapryong Kim
, who was known as the "Legendary Fist". The crews at this time were called "fists", and the crew heads were called "bosses", and some of them DG claims Daniel might have known and met in person. When Gapryong became interested in politics most of his organization dissolved, although his ventures were unsuccessful. His followers became greedy and started the second generation, the generation of circles, or the generation of war. The older gangsters recruited students to fight their battles, and those students were called "circles". This time period was very bloody and violent, and it was ended by James Lee. He destroyed the conflict but then disappeared after completing his goal, leaving a lot of members of the first generation searching for him. James Lee then reappeared in Seoul as one of
Charles Choi's
geniuses
, and helped create the four big crews. He changed his face and mannerisms so people would not be able to find him. After explaining this, DG tells Daniel he is in danger because he is using James Lee's discarded identity, and the first generation will likely target him.
Eugene later calls DG and tells him about the news, and how troublesome it would be for someone to start a James Lee crew. He asks if Workers should take care of it, and DG says he can take care of it, even though he has a flight in a couple of hours. Eugene is skeptical of his abilities since it has been a while, but says it should be fine because DG is James Lee after all.
One Night III
DG goes off to find the James Lee crew and put an end to their misuse of his name. He comes to their headquarters and finds Backdoor members. He asks if they know about James Lee, and they decide to attack him and bring him to Darius. DG beats them all and walks away.
DG then comes across Daniel and the J High crew fighting Taesoo Ma and interrupts them.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 359: James Lee (End)
↑
https://www.webtoons.com/en/drama/lookism/ep-113-stalker-01/viewer?title_no=1049&episode_no=113
↑
The Truth Behind Daniel Park