Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
"I would love to stop making enemies, but once again I've ended up with even more of them."
”
— DG, Episode 427
DG
(
Diego Kang
; 강다겸
Kang Dagyum
)
is a famous Korean idol and also the head of
PTJ Entertainment
, an idol training agency. He is one of Charles Choi's Ten Geniuses and has close ties with him. He used to be known as
James Lee
but discarded this identity. He is known as the legend of the 1st generation. During the
1st Generation
, Charles Choi used
DG
to murder
Gapryong Kim
. This incident was completely hidden, according to
Eugene
, it was the incident with the murder of
Baekho Kwon
and
Gapryong Kim
that was Charles' weakness. He’s one of the few people who knows about Daniel Park having two bodies.
Appearance
DG is a physically striking individual with a slim physique and pale skin. He is known for his distinctive pink hair and dark eyes. He often wears dark sunglasses and has a tattoo on his forearm.
When assuming the identity of James Lee, DG adopts a starkly different appearance. He wears an all-white outfit, including a woolen sweatshirt, and covers his face with a mask.
Personality
DG is more cool and composed than most, if not all, characters in Lookism. He tends to watch and observe others silently, but when he talks, he acts quite aloof and distant, only warming up to a few people. DG is also very honest, but he doesn't talk much so it's sometimes difficult to know what he is thinking.
He is known to be extremely intelligent and talented. A hall of his trophies and awards were displayed in his previous school which is now abandoned, showing his expertise in various fields. Some of the awards includes him being a champion in art, poetry, golf, swimming, tennis, and many more.
Back in the 1st generation, James was extremely ruthless. He made sure to leave a mark or reminder to each of the Kings by either incising or removing a part of their body, like
Taesoo Ma
's eye.
Fighting Prowess
As the legend of the first generation, DG is immensely powerful and is one of the strongest fighters in the PTJ verse. Sometimes it is said he is the strongest in the verse. He single handedly took down Darius Hong and his gang with ease, showing prodigal skill in combat. It is said that he ended the
first generation
, a notorious era of well known fighters. He bested Taesoo Ma, the "King Of Ansan" in a fight with little to no injuries. He fights using an acrobatic style , and being incredibly quick and swift, to dodge other's attacks. His fighting style is described to be very graceful. He is also one of three users able to use
Invisible Attacks
, where one attacks the blindspots of an opponent so quickly, the attack seems invisible to the eye.
In chapter 428, he fought the J High trio and says that he will spare Big Deal and Burn Knuckles if they manage to land a single clean hit on him. Over the course of the fight, he overpowered the trio with little to no effort while keeping his left hand in his pocket.
In the past, James had managed to defeat and disband the
Generation of Circles
(1st Gen) all by himself, and take a body part of the regional kings he had defeated, such as Taesoo's eye and Gongseob Ji's leg (with some
exceptions
).
As of chapter 463 it is shown that in the past during his fight with Gongseob Ji, James was shown an incredible technique by Gongseob called the 'Gongseob Ji Counter' where it is described to be a double edge sword as you need to have an immense desire to not fall and to win to get back up to land a devastating punch on your opponent that could potentially end the fight with your win, but it was shown that either James dodged the attack or took it head on and received no damage whatsoever. Even James wanted to learn the technique but Gongseob declined and stated he would never take on a student (which
changed
) and made the stone faced sarcastic James Lee lament and sigh stating that its sad that Gongseob will have to retire and that the technique will fall with him.
In his fight with
Seongji Yuk
, he reveals that he has "overcome the threshold" in two areas, speed and technique, those two alone allowing him to be as legendary as he was. He also states that he isn't able to overcome another threshold because he's lacking in potential.In the later part of the battle he was able to overcome the threshold of strength against Seongji Yuk.
Quotes
I would love to stop making enemies, but once again I've ended up with even more of them.
[
2
]
Etymology
The name
Shion
is written in hiragana (しおん), which has no special meaning. However, when written in kanji (紫苑 or 詩音), it could possibly mean:
紫苑 - "
aster
", a plant of the daisy family that has bright rayed flowers, typically of purple or pink.
詩音 - "poetry, poem" (詩) (
shi
) and "sound" (音) (
on
).
Shion's surname
Izaki
means "that one" (伊) (
i
) and "cape, peninsula" (崎) (
saki
/
zaki
).
Trivia
DG's design and name are references to
G-Dragon
, a real-life Kpop rapper.
Based on the trophies previously showcased at his old school, DG excels in a variety of domains besides fighting such as art, poetry, swimming, golf and tennis.
[
3
]
DG's school's name has been shown in Episode 176 but its full name was revealed in Episode 396.
[
4
]
DG first appeared in episode 19 in a poster on student's Namsoo Lee's Wall.
He has an angel motif, established by his all white clothing and graceful fighting style. This contrasts with Gun Park who has a demon motif.
In Episode 479, people started to believe that DG is actually Charles's second body. This speculation however has been invalid as in Episode 480, DG said he had followed Charles's action on "kidnapping" Baek Gyul because Charles was scared that Gyul could ask Park Jin Young about his weakness.
References
↑
[1]
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 427
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 176: The Truth Behind Daniel Park (03)
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 396