Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
"
Bring it on. I'm Doo Lee, mother of all badasses.
"
—Doo Lee  in
episode
331
Doo Lee
(이현도 Lee Hyun-do)
is a student in the fashion department at
J High School
, and a former Executive of
Workers
2nd Affiliate group under the alias "Hannya".
Appearance
He has a skinny, lanky body and a long cleft chin. His black hair is pointed up at his bangs. He has exaggerated expressions at times.
Personality
He is a bully, and his most notable victim is Jiho. He also thinks highly of himself. He is usually accompanied by his two friends, Han Park & Kay Jang  they all act as
Zack
's lackeys.
But as the series advances, Doo continues to change, he stops bullying other students and he starts to take actions on his own rather than being ordered around. This is evident following the downfall of Workers'
4th Affiliate
, in which he is taken in by
Workers
, due to Daniel forgetting to rescue him.
Despite not being strong, he helps out
Daniel Park
in his mission. Doo Lee is cunning enough to fool
Eugene
and pose as an Executive in the Workers' Second Affiliate.
Fighting prowess
Doo Lee possesses great strength, although lacks technique. This is shown in
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
when he punches
Daniel
in an attempt to fool the Second Affiliate, knocking him back. His younger brother Hyeondong Lee is also shown to be a veteran fighter in Questism - although with low potential.
History
Doo is initially portrayed as a bully at
J-High
, being one of
Zack's
lackies, with common targets being
Jiho
and
Daniel Park.
Doo, along with
Warren
and Daniel, go to the ONE MCN building in order to rescue Daniel's original body, as well as Like What and So Funny. He distracts most of the security guards by drawing attention to himself, allowing Daniel and Warren to find the secret floor where the streamers were held hostage. However, once their cover was blown, and the 4th Affiliate collapsed, Doo was taken and moved to the 3rd Affiliate, and employed as part of
Vivi
's clean up crew along with
Alexander Hwang
. Here, he helped out a captive
Daniel Park
, disobeying Vivi's orders to pour acid on him and bumping into the security guards at the entrance, allowing Daniel to escape. This is a pivotal point towards his character development, as he desires to have a fresh start.
Despite all this, Doo manages to avoid trouble and gets promoted to Executive in the Workers'
Second Affiliate
, due to Eugene overhearing his unique ideas that could be implemented into the fighting circus. He is next seen in the
Workers (2nd Affiliate) arc
, where he was known as Hannya. Here, he seems to have built up a reputation, lying about being a tough guy who's ultimate move is the "Dragon Fist", even being referred to by
Ryuhei
as
"..the only Korean [Ryuhei] acknowledge[s]".
While initially lashing out at Daniel for not saving him, he soon reveals key information about the circus, helping Daniel create a plan to take them down.
Doo manages to escape following the defeat of the 2nd Affiliate. Before he leaves, he has a final encounter with Ryuhei, where he confessed that everything he told him was a lie, including the "Dragon Fist", and he was just a bully. Ryuhei tells him to turn over a new leaf and become a Korean worthy of his respect. This is a major turning point for Doo, who decides to take his advice to heart. Doo then boards a bus to visit his younger brother, Hyeondong Lee.
Quotes
"Bring it on. I'm Doo Lee, mother of all badasses."
[
2
]
Trivia
His brother, Hyeondong Lee, is a major character in the Questism manhwa
In episode 8 we see Jiho's phone when Doo call's him it's revealed there that he gave him the name Master2
[
1
]
He can speak Japanese
[
3
]
References
↑
1.0
1.1
Episode 8
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 331
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 373
Fandom Relevance
Despite being shown as somewhat mediocre in strength in the actual Webtoon, Doo Lee in fandom has been regarded as one of if not the strongest characters in the Webtoon. Being able to defeat characters such as UI Daniel and Johan Seong
His nickname in the Fandom is still the Mother of all Badasses, and also Lord Doo
He has also achieved UI in some fans renditions