Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
He has a similar background to Daniel and lives with his grandma, he inspires to be like Eminem and would even be in Vocal and Dance Department to inspire his dreams.
Festival Arc
Duke was first introduced in chapter 21 being the last to audition in an entertainment company named DY right after his classmate from the vocal dance department. However, the president took one look at him and he was immediately dismissed without him being able to perform his piece. Frustrated by the unfair rejection he proceeded to take out all his emotions and turn them into lyrics. The next day in school the students in the vocal dance department were talking about the up incoming festival and discussing on who should perform Jin Ho and someone irrelevant was chosen to perform and Duke volunteered to perform as well and for that he received all kinds of back lash. While walking down the hallway he heard Daniel singing and asked him to sing with him in the festival. During their practice Daniel noticed their similarities and realized how amazing Duke was to be able to create such wonderful lyrics despite being in his situations as well as having the courage to try even after all the rejections he has received. At the start of their performance Daniel made a mistake so Duke covered for him and showed that he had his back they did really well and all the audience were surprised and Duke finally got the recognition he deserves. At the end of the performance the president of DY approached them and gave his business card and offered a job....to Daniel who humbly declined but that did not stop Duke.
Paprika TV Arc
After his 2nd rejection from DY, Duke started to perform his rap songs in Paprika. He barely got any views at the start but steadily began to grow and people started to recognize his talent.
Midterms Arc
In this arc Duke was relieved to be the top 5th person in his department so he helped tutor Daniel for the midterm exams.
Attention Whore Arc
Duke was briefly mentioned as one of the top three most well known paprika stars in school.
Illegal Toto Arc
Duke was seen discussing in a cafe about the trending illegal gambling game called Toto.