Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Overview
As a child, Eli Jang lived in an abusive household. He ran away when he was 10 years old and met someone he referred to as
"Mister Carpenter"
who taught him how to survive alone on the streets and also some carpentry skills.
[
1
]
Some time afterwards he met Sally Park and her friends and decided to live in Gangdong with them. Together they formed Hostel, one of the
Big 4 Crew
, with Eli as their leader.
During his time in Hostel, Eli fell in love with a girl named
Heather
and conceived a child with her. When Heather died, Eli left Hostel to take care of his daughter, Yenna, and stopped fighting. It was shown that the reason he is interested in
Crystal Choi
(the original body) is because she reminded him of Heather.
Upon coming to J High, Eli became the crush of many beauty department girls, who complain that he disappears after school. The reason he avoids them is that he is very busy taking care of Yenna and working at his part-time job as a hairdresser.
Background
Eli Jang was subjected to a rough upbringing with his father abusing his mother. This led to his mother running away. Eli's father remarried, with the new wife beating him severely. Eli's father died from unknown circumstances with the new wife seemingly indifferent, implying she was involved with a life-insurance fraud involving Eli's father. In either case, the new wife remarried her old husband and brought in her biological children to Eli's household.
The mother continued her abuse and neglect of Eli, keeping him locked away whilst the rest of the family enjoyed their new dwelling. The only memorable interaction Eli had with his family was when he played a twisted version of hide-and-seek with his mother where once the hider was found, they would be severely beaten. This game warped Eli's conception of love with him coming to enjoy the game as this was the only time his new mother would come to seek him out. The culmination of Eli's childhood was his running away at the age of 10. On the streets, he was brought up by "Mr. Carpenter".
Eli Jang Arc
Chapter 232
Sally finds that
a cat
had let itself into her house. She follows the cat to find a homeless boy that had apparently snuck into her house. She is intrigued and asks what he is doing there, and he responds by calling her a bitch. The boy is
Eli Jang
in the past.
Chapter 233
Sally decides to allow Eli to stay in the spur of the moment. He proves to be a strange guest, bathing without closing the door and washing her underwear. She thinks he is a pervert, but he takes great care to stay away from her, saying if he is in a room with a girl then "he will get in big trouble".
At school Sally can't stop thinking about Eli. She finds out that he followed her to school and is embarrassed by it. When she asks he reveals that he has never been to school and was curious. Sally realizes Eli has been neglected as a child. He tells her that he feels safe around her, and that was the reason he doesn't swear around her anymore.
Warren Chae comes to confess his love to Sally Park. He doesn't like how close she is to Eli and tries to intimidate him. Eli bites his nose and swears at him, and Sally realizes he is scared of Warren. Warren tells Sally to close her eyes as he prepares to fight Eli.
Chapter 234
Sally tells Eli not to fight and Warren punches Eli. Sally then gets angry at Warren and tells him he is mean for hitting Eli. Warren walks away feeling hurt, but returns in the night claiming he will stay at Sally's so he can protect her. Sally protests but eventually allows him and his friends
Max
and
Derrick
to stay.
In Sally's house, Max, Derek, Warren, and Sally explain their backstories. They ask Eli to explain his backstory, and he tells them that he killed his dad.
Chapter 235
Eli claimed when he was younger, he used to have parents, but his father got drunk and would hit his wife. When Eli's mother ran away his father married a new woman who was physically and emotionally abusive towards him. When Eli's father died his wife married a new man who was just as abusive. Eli grew sick of his treatment and ran away from home with Lyon, saying that it was more comfortable on the streets.
Everyone is shocked to hear his story, and Warren asks if Eli has any good memories. Eli mentions a hide and seek game he used to play with his biological mother, and Sally suggests that they play. Eli doesn't want to play but the others race to find hiding spots. Warren opts out of the game, and Eli begins to count.
Max and Derrick are the first to be found. Lyon scratches Max and he yells, causing Eli to find him. Eli then suddenly attacks Max, and when Derrick comes to the rescue he beats up Derrick as well. Sally moves around during the game and finds Max and Derrick on the ground. She freezes and Eli finds her. Right as he is about to punch her he is stopped by Warren, who asks what he is doing. Eli explains that he is it, and Sally realizes that Eli was abused by his first mother as well.
Warren asks Eli why he didn't hit him back, and Eli says he doesn't fight unless he gets something from it. Warren offers Eli anything he wants if Eli wins to fight, and if he loses Eli has to leave Sally's place. Eli stands to fight him.
Chapter 236
Warren and Eli start fighting, and Warren notices that Eli fights very dirty, poking him in the eyes and kicking him in his manhood. When Warren is knocked to the ground Eli grabs a sign to smash his head in, and Warren sees that Eli has the eyes of a killer. Max and Derrick manage to hold Eli back, and Sally tells all of them to get out. They stop fighting because none of them want to freeze in the cold.
Sally asks Eli why he is fighting over her and he says he wanted to try on Warren's uniform. He explains that he only liked the hide and seek game because that was when his mother payed any attention to him. Warren gives Eli his jacket and calls the fight between them a draw.
At Sally's cram school she finds herself surrounded by Backdoor members. Her friend Olly Wang tries to diffuse the situation but is beaten. Eli shows up looking for Sally, and the Backdoor members mistake him for Warren Chae. He beats them all and Sally thanks him and introduces him to her friends
Heather
and
Olly
, later stating that if Eli hadn't met them their story may have been less tragic.
Chapter 237
Sally begins spending her food on her new roommates, causing her to miss school. Olly and Heather visit often, Olly because he likes Eli and Heather because she has a crush on Eli. Warren worries that Sally is running out of money, and to quell his fears Eli hands Sally a large stack of cash. Warren is shocked and asks where Eli got the money, but he won't tell them.
Olly follows Eli and asks him to show how he earns money. Eli shows him how to break into cars and steal money, and Olly is amazed by Eli's street smarts. He tells the crew he knows how to make money, and suggests they rob houses instead of cars. He even has a specific house whose patterns he studied. Warren is against it but Eli agrees with Olly, and they all go to rob a house.
When they enter the house Warren begins having second thoughts and is consumed with guilt. As he is about the leave Olly shows him the jewelry he found that they can sell. Eli compliments him but they are interrupted when the parents return. The father brings a stick and prepares to beat them but Olly intervenes and takes the hits so they can run. The father stops in shock as he realizes he hit his own son, because the house Olly decided to rob was his own.
Chapter 238
Warren beats Olly for hitting his parents, and is disgusted by his behavior. Olly asks why Warren cannot empathize with him, because he only robbed his house to help them. He explains that he feels trapped at home and wishes he had the freedom they had, even saying he wishes he was an orphan. Eli tells Olly that he understands him, but he needs to return home.
Olly is desperate to earn Eli's approval back. He begins robbing minors using Heather's photograph. He shows the money to Eli, but Eli is upset. He asks why Olly wants to be like him, when he has lived such a sad life. Olly disagrees with Eli, saying that his hardships are worth becoming as cool as Eli is. They are interrupted by Darius Hong, who mistakes Eli for Warren and gets too close to his face. Eli punches Darius and is horrified to see not only did it do no damage, Darius seemed to enjoy it.
Chapter 239
Eli Jang begins fighting Darius, but is overwhelmed by his strength. Darius doesn't take the fight seriously, and flirts with Eli as he beats him to a pulp. When Eli bites him he gets pissed off and throws him to the ground. Eli takes the opportunity to grab Darius by the necklace and choke him until he passes out. Back at the building Warren has beaten all the Backdoor members, and lays on the ground bloodied. He tells Sally not to worry, and Max and Derrick grumble that he cannot do anything without them.
The girls clean the boys' wounds and Warren complains that Sally sounds like a mother when she nags them. He then suggests that they become a family, since they have nobody else to take care of them. He proposes he will be the brother, and Eli proposes to be the dad, with Max and Derrick as brothers and Sally as the mother. Eli chooses the name 'Hostel' for their family, an acronym of their first letters of their names. Olly is upset that he isn't a member of
Hostel
, and Eli explains that unlike them, Olly and Heather have families.
Elsewhere
Gun
is upset that Backdoor was defeated so easily by Warren Chae. He disqualifies Backdoor as one of the four crews, and asks about Hostel.
Johan
tells Gun to forget about Hostel, and to give Gangdong to him if he can beat Eli Jang.
Chapter 240
Heather makes Eli promise not to steal after catching him in a store. They begin to spend a lot of time together. Sally knows that Heather likes Eli, which makes her sad because she also likes Eli.
She proposes to the others that they allow runaway children to live in her house, because she has a lot of room. When Warren asks how she will get the money, Eli suggests a point system of organized crime. Olly is impressed, but Heather is disgusted and tells Eli he can't engage in crime. Warren notices the romance budding between Eli and Heather and Sally's crush, which makes him upset.
Chapter 241
Jerry reveals that he was late to arrive because he was on the bus, but he intends to take over Gangdong. Warren makes Jerry promise to leave them alone, and Jerry agrees, stating Big Deal will take over Hostel. This doesn't sit well with Johan, who says he wants to take over Gangdong and defeat Eli Jang. Warren begs Johan to leave Eli alone but he refuses, saying if Warren wants to protect Eli he needs the strength to do so.
Warren in desperation bites Johan's foot, claiming one day he will do the same. Johan decides to step on him but before he can he is attacked by Eli, who bites him in the neck. Johan gets up and asks Eli who he is, and Eli tells him to not touch his family. Warren and Gun are shocked to see the savage look on Eli's face.
Chapter 242
As Gun marvels at Eli's savagery, Jerry and Johan quarrel over the right to Gangdong. Jerry says he will allow Johan if he can land a scratch on his face, and Johan uses Lyon to scratch him. Eli and Johan begin fighting, with Johan easily winning the fight. When Johan knocks Eli out, he asks Gun to give him the right to Gangdong. Gun refuses because Johan is too weak, and Eli proves this by knocking him out in one shot. Gun asks Jerry to take Johan home and asks Eli what makes him so desperate. Eli responds that he wants to take care of his family, and Gun is triggered and decides to destroy Hostel as revenge for ruining Backdoor. He begins his assault by grabbing Max and Derrick and threatening them. Warren laughs at Gun because Max and Derrick are the only people he ever lost to. Warren, Eli, Max and Derrick surround Gun and prepare to fight him four on one.
Chapter 243
As Gun is fighting Hostel he realizes they are stronger than he assumed. They push him pretty far, stopping his blows and even making him bleed. Gun eventually beats them and decides to take Eli's teeth as revenge. Before he can, Olly interrupts and tries to convince him that Hostel is as useful as the other crews, citing the runaway crew and point organization as evidence. Gun is impressed by their teamwork and gives Eli a phone to contact him by, making Hostel one of the
four crews
.
Chapter 244
Back at Sally's house Eli gets a haircut from Heather. He confesses his love for her and she tells him to continue to smile, even when life gets difficult. The boys renovate the building and decorate it to surprise Sally when she comes back. Heather and Eli decide to spend the night together at Sally's place.
When Eli and Heather wake up they see a scene of chaos. Sally's orphaned friends are returned to the orphanage and Sally's home is destroyed. Eli notices an officer glaring at them, and Heather realizes that this is her mother.
Chapter 245
Eli is brought into custody and interrogated by
Heather's mother
. She accuses him of ruining her daughter's reputation and tells him to stay away from her because he only causes people misfortune. Olly reveals that he called child services on Hostel in an attempt to get rid of Heather, but it backfired and broke apart Hostel. Sally becomes depressed and angry at Heather and accuses her of ruining everything.
Heather tries to tell Sally that she is pregnant but Sally refuses to speak with her. She begs Olly to help her find Eli and he hands Eli a phone to contact her by, but in reality she is contacting his number and he is filtering her messages. Eli begins training with Gun and establishes the runaway families to earn some money. When Heather tells Eli that she is pregnant Olly messages her to abort the baby.
Chapter 246
Heather is angry at Eli because of his text messages and he is doesn't know what is going on. When he realizes how hurt she is he decides to distance himself from her, believing he makes people miserable. She begins to cry and asks how he can tell her to abort his own child. Hearing these words, Eli tries to chase after Heather, but she leaves in a taxi and never returns.
Eli confronts Olly and begins beating him for causing the misunderstanding. Olly is unrepentant, saying Heather was only jealous and Eli would have said the same thing anyway. Olly then asks Eli where Lyon is, implying he killed him. Eli doesn't believe Olly and knocks him out. He tries to call Heather but reaches the gynecology clinic she is in. They inform him that Heather had an unexpected delivery that day, and he needs to show up immediately.
As Eli is about to leave he is stopped by Gun, who demands the monthly payment from Hostel. He is angry that Eli is not paying attention to his responsibilities as a head of a crew. Eli retorts that money cannot buy a family, and he is going to see Heather even if it means fighting Gun. Gun decides to test Eli, saying he will only allow him to leave if he is still alive after.
Chapter 247
(Last Chapter)
Gun beats Eli badly but decides to let him go out of sympathy for his situation. When Eli makes it to the clinic he finds out that Heather did not survive. The family holds a funeral ceremony for Heather and her mother blames Eli for her death. Eli accepts responsibility and is beaten by Warren, who is angry that Eli could ask for an abortion. The gang are upset but decide to leave Eli because they are too upset at how he treated Heather.
Gun finishes telling the story to rest of the story to
Goo
on in present time. After the incident Olly decides to kill Lyon the cat. He is stopped by someone but Gun doesn't say who it is, and ends the story there.
Eli visits the hospital where his baby
Yenna
is. He recalls Heather's words and decides to raise Yenna on his own. Before Eli leaves, he returns to his friends and suggests that they play a game of hide and seek. With those words he disappears, and has been missing ever since.
In present time
Daniel
and his friends and walking to school.
Logan
is jealous of his company and rages, throwing them all in the air. As he prepares to harass them Sally Park yells at him for knocking her to the ground. He apologizes that he didn't see her because she is too small. Warren headbutts him and parrots his words back to Logan, and he realizes Warren is trying to start a fight.
Chapter 248
(Epilogue)
Sally and Warren introduce themselves to the gang, and are surprised to find
Vasco
is a friend of theirs. They leave with those same words and meet Eli, who dyed his hair a mix of black and purple. They welcome him back into their family and catch up with each other.
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 237: Eli Jang (6)