Ep. 307: Jake Kim (6)
is the 307 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Brad Lee
Eden
Gapryong Kim
(Flashback)
Goo Kim
Gun Park
Heather
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Johan Seong
Old Face
Olly Wang
Samuel Seo
Samuel's mother
(Flashback)
Sinu Han
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
Summary
Samuel Seo is patrolling the streets after becoming Big Deal's number three. He smacks a man who forgot to wear his jacket, and Sinu isn't pleased with it. He feels that Samuel is not being a good leader, but Old Face disagrees. When Samuel comes to the clothing store, he notices that the girls are distracted. He finds them surrounding Johan, who was brought in by Jerry Kwon after he decided to make him a member of Big Deal. Samuel tells Jerry they don't have money for new members, but Jerry insists that he will let him stay until Jake complains. Johan tearfully decides to leave, and the girls complain at Samuel, saying Johan is only trying to take care of his mother. Samuel tells Johan that he needs to toughen up if he is going to survive, and he recommends stealing shoes to make quick money. Sinu gives Johan some money on the way out, and Jerry wonders if he will see him again.
Meanwhile, Jake is accosted by Olly Wang, who is eager to join Big Deal. Jake asks Olly why he wants to join, seeing as he isn't from a poor family. Heather apologizes for him and berates Olly for joining. Jake tells Olly he might let him join some other day, as he reminds him of himself.
The Big Deal members decide to have some fun on the beach. Samuel asks Jake how long he plans to stay in Big Deal, as Sinu is going to retire soon. He plans to head to Gangnam later, because Big Deal is too idealistic and small to suit him. He asks Jake to come with him, but he refuses. He says the only reason he joined Big Deal was because it wasn't like the other gangs. He resented his father for not caring about his family. Samuel is curious to know who his father is, and he tells him it is Gapryong Kim. Samuel's cigar slips out of his finger, because that is the name of the man he suspects is his father.
Late at night, Goo barges into Big Deal's store, asking if Sinu would like to join one of his four major crews. Gun is annoyed by his loudness, and Sinu is shocked and worried to see Goo.
Notes
Gallery
Old Face & Sinu
Sinu gives Johan his wallet
Olly & Heather
What if
Alexander using Jerry as surfboard
Samuel holding photo
Gun & Goo barge in
References
Navigation