Ep. 371: Jiho's Last Moment (2) + Workers (2nd Affiliate)
is the 371 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Daniel Park
Eugene
Jake Kim
James Gong
(Flashback)
Jason Yoon
Jiho Park
Jiho's Father
Jiho's Mother
Mitsuki Soma
Sinu Han
Groups/Organizations:
Workers 2nd Affiliation
Summary
Without hesitating, Jiho tells Jake that Daniel has two bodies. Jake grabs Jiho and yells at him to get it together, and that Jiho should have never left prison without taking care of his condition. He asks Jiho who he met in prison, and Jiho runs away. Worried about him, Jake sends two of his men after Jiho.
Jake talks to Brad and Jason about Jiho. Jason mentions how Jiho got a lighter sentence of two years despite his charge of attempted homicide, and Brad says it's understandable he wouldn't want to be caught. A Big Deal member comes in to tell Jake they've found Jiho, but there's a problem. Daniel Park and the detective run to a building where Jiho is on the roof, talking to someone. At some point, Jiho falls off the roof and Daniel fails to catch him.
At Jiho's funeral his parents weep for him. The detective goes over his medical report and notes that the reason for his early release was a diagnosis of schizotypal disorder. The police searched the security cameras after the incident, but they couldn't find a second person. Only Jiho had entered the building. It turns out Jiho had been talking to a younger version of himself, who assured him that he has a plan to win before pushing him off the building. As he falls, Jiho thinks that he isn't a bug.
Eugene is on the phone when someone asks him why he seems happy. He mentions that a friend of his passed recently, but also that the sales of his circus have been rising. He compliments the Workers 2nd affiliate.
Notes
Gallery
Jason & Brad worried
Jake suprised
Daniel runs to the building where Jiho is
Jiho sitting at the edge
Jiho talking to himself
Jiho's portrait
Jiho's parents crying
Jiho's flashback
Eugene talking to Second Affiliation
Shiba & Neko relaxing
References
Navigation