Ep. 115: Stalker (03)
is the 115 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Stalker Girl
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
None
Summary
At that moment Daniel arrives, coming home after a rough day. He looks around and sees that the room's suddenly become cleaner and wonders if he's hallucinating. He then notices the kitchen knife lying on the ground next to his mattress and the dishes are washed. As he takes a shower, he decides that his mother couldn't have come over and wonders if it is a manifestation of his dual bodies. Meanwhile, the stalker watches him take a shower.
As Daniel dries his hair, he walks over to his original body, slapping himself awake to get ready for work.Then, he uses his new body to continue drying his hair, saying that he doesn't want to go to work and deciding to eat before he goes. All this time, the stalker watches, wide-eyed, from behind the bathroom door.
Crystal walks by Daniel's home to see the stalker taking out the trash. She says that there are only two boys living inside that house, and asks who she is. The stalker replies that she and Daniel are one and that they are family. She then asks if Crystal is his friend. Crystal replies "ah, yes" whist wondering if the stalker is his sister. The stalker girl, angered by this reply, asks if they are close, and Crystal is scared and answers no.
Meanwhile, at Daniel's convenience store, Zoe is speculating whether or not the girl is stalking Daniel because she says she'd seen her before too, but hadn't paid much attention. She says that, now that she thinks about it, it seems kinda strange and wonders if the girl might have entered Daniel's home. At that moment, Crystal barges in worriedly, sweating from running. Crystal and Zoe both wonder who the other is, because they keep seeing each other around original Daniel. When he asks if she needs anything, Crystal replies that she's not there to buy anything but wants to know if he has a sister. He rushes home, scared, and looks around, only to find nobody there.
The next day, Daniel tapes pieces of tape to the door, and, when he rushes home, realizes that they hadn't been touched, showing nobody had opened the door during the day. He pushes the door open, and sees nothing has been touched and everything was just as messy as before. He rushes to the sink and is incredibly relieved to realize that the dishes hadn't been washed either.
In a moment of dramatic irony, the scene cuts to a cockroach, and then zooms out to show that it was crawling on the stalker girl's face as she lies in the space under the kitchen sink, grinning and saying that, as long as she's able to see Daniel, she would be happy. As she lies under the sink, she sees original Daniel slap his new body to get ready for school, and wonders why, whenever he switches bodies, one of them falls unconscious. She grins creepily as she realizes that it means that she should be able to take one of them.
Notes
Gallery
Stalker Girl hiding
Crystal sees Stalker Girl
Zoe worried about Daniel
References
Navigation