Ep. 375: Workers (2nd Affiliate) (4)
is the 375 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Doo Lee
Eugene
Kenta Magami
Mandeok Bang
Mitsuki Soma
Ryuhei Kuroda
Sally Park
Sato Kazuma
Sinu Han
Vin Jin
Warren Chae
Yuseong
(Flashback)
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Workers 2nd Affiliation
Summary
The episode starts with
Sinu Han
in the shower staring at the ceiling after a tournament.
Mitsuki
approaches him from behind and hugs him while nude. She tells him "Great job today, too" in Japanese.
Doo
and
Daniel
are both meeting in Daniel's room. Doo asks Daniel again if Daniel's really planning to make his friends join the Circus. And Daniel confirms. Doo asks Daniel if he's out of his mind especially after Daniel saw what kind of games they plan in the Circus. But Daniel response that it doesn't matter and that he's going to betray the alliance.
Eugene is eating with Neko as
Mandeok
guards behind Eugene and
Nomen
guards behind Neko. Eugene tells Neko that he doesn't believe that Daniel is going to betray the alliance because Daniel was the one who destroyed the 3rd and 4th affiliates. Eugene believes that Daniel is planning to make Workers think that he betrayed the alliance just so he can destroy the 2nd affiliate. So, then Eugene says how he'll make members of the alliance participate in the alliance so that Workers can eliminate them. Eugene thanks Neko for helping him out. Neko thanks Eugene for letting her meet Sinu. But then she her knife at Eugene's neck telling him that if anyone dares to ruin what they have, she will murder them, including Eugene. Mandeok blocks the knife from getting any closer to Eugene and the two continue to talk. Mitsuki wonders if Daniel will form a group to clear the Circus. But Eugene tells her that there's no need to worry about that since Eugene chose specific participants for the Circus.
Warren
,
Sally
and
Zack
meet Daniel's second body in a warehouse. Sally asks why he has called them over. Daniel then notices
Vin Jin
with the group. Vin Jin tells Daniel that he followed Zack to the location and asks Daniel to come at him. However, Zack runs up to Daniel grabbing him by the collar and asking why Daniel skipped school and that Zack was worried for him. But Daniel brushes Zack's hand off.
Eugene steps out from the second floor explaining to the four of them that Daniel has become part of
Workers
and that they've fallen into Workers' trap. Daniel then runs up to Warren, giving him a kick. Daniel puts his kitsune mask on and tells them that he's one of the Workers now. The three of them besides Vin realizes that Daniel has betrayed them. Vin Jin is confused as to what Daniel is talking about, and Daniel wonders why Vin is there. Warren punches Daniel, and realizes that when Daniel was talking with Eugene at the summit, that was when Daniel had betrayed them. Zack asks Eugene if Daniel really did betray them and then he, Vin Jin and Warren surround Daniel asking if he can really take the three of them down.
Vin Jin realizes that he came for nothing and tries to leave, but Nomen's motorcycle is in the air ready to land on Vin Jin. But Vin Jin stops the impact by holding the motorcycle with Nomen with two of his hands causing Nomen to flip him off.
Huttoko
comes and hits Warren from his side. Then
Daruma
stands in front of Zack and the two stare at each other.
And then at the end of the chapter, Sinu makes his appearance and takes off his mask.
Notes
Gallery
Doo shocked by Daniel
Mandeok protecting Eugene
Zack, Warren and Sally go to see Daniel
Warren's Flashback
Allies against 2nd Affiliate's executives
Sinu arrives
References
Navigation