Ep. 369: One Night (End)
is the 369 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Anna Choi
(Flashback)
Channing Choi
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
Darius Hong
(Flashback)
Duke Pyeon
(Flashback)
Ethan Hwang
(Flashback)
Harry
(Flashback)
Hudson Ahn
(Flashback)
Jacky Lee
(Flashback)
James Gong
(Flashback)
Jiho Park
Sam
(Flashback)
Wally Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Ansan Public
Backdoor
James Lee Crew
Summary
Darius visited Jiho in prison before he left and reported what he found out about Daniel. He couldn't find any information about his family except that they lived abroad. His friend just slept the entire day. Looking into his school files he found that the fat Daniel was on the school record. Jiho asks Darius if he has ever seen the two of them together.
Back at the convenience store Jiho reassures Daniel he hasn't told anyone the truth about his identity. He asks Daniel to give him the secret of the two bodies, but Daniel refuses and tells him to turn himself in. Jiho smashes Daniel into the window and says that he should understand the most how he feels. He slams his head into the ground and tries to choke Daniel with a string but he escapes. Jiho sticks a wine opener in his chest and twists it before slashing Daniel. Jiho stands over Daniel and says they are the same person, but Daniel just got lucky.
Daniel has a flashback to a meeting with Duke. His fans came into the room and Daniel mistakenly greeted them before they asked Duke for a picture. In real time, Daniel punches Jiho into a convenience machine and tells him to stop blaming his appearance for his failures, because people can change. Jiho tells Daniel he can't change, and Wally stabs Daniel in the back but Daniel removes the knife and throws him away. Daniel then starts beating Jiho with systema. Jiho begs for Daniel to forgive him and give him another chance. Daniel helps him up before elbowing him in the head, saying that Jiho doesn't get another chance.
Notes
Gallery
Jiho realizes
Darius Hong spying on Daniel sleeping
Jiho asking Darius if he saw the two Daniel's together
Daniel meets Jiho after a long time
The fight begins
Jiho's scarred face
Jiho attacks Daniel with a wine opener
Jiho's flashback
Jiho's flashback 2
Duke sees Daniel
Duke with fans
Daniel pushes Jiho against the glass door
Wally Lee holds Daniel hostage
Daniel hits Jiho in the neck
Daniel subjugates Jiho
References
Navigation