Ep. 311: Jake Kim (10)
is the 311 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Brad Lee
Gapryong Kim
(Flashback)
Goo Kim
(Flashback)
Gun Park
Gyojin Lim
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Minseon Kang
Old Face
Samuel Seo
Samuel's mother
(Flashback)
Sinu Han
Yeonhui
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
Summary
Samuel takes control of Big Deal, and orders one of his members to refuse the girls food unless they reach their quota. He asks if the others will listen to someone other than Jake, and Samuel beats him in a rage. He discusses his decision with Old Face, who agrees happily with the decision. Sinu pulls up on them and punches Old Face. He asks why Samuel has gone from being ambitious to leading with cruelty. Samuel reminds Sinu of his favoritism towards Jake, and tells him he isn't needed in Big Deal anymore. Jason and Brad prepare to leave Big Deal, but Jerry refuses to leave until Jake returns.
Sinu meets Jake at the lighthouse and tells him he has a plan to beat Gun, but Jake is skeptical. Sinu asks if he is hesitant to fight because of his father. Jake tells him he is correct, that he is trying to avoid the drama. Sinu tells him he doesn't have to join Big Deal, but he would like him to at least protect the storeowners, since he isn't strong enough to. Jake comes back to his mother's house and asks what kind of father he was. His mother confirms that he was a piece of shit, but would do his best to help those less fortunate than himself.
Jake comes back to Big Deal to find Samuel beating Jerry, who is trying to protect the girls. He tells Samuel he has never decided who the leader is, and while he dislikes fighting for passion, that he will do so regardless. Gun is sitting on a bench to watch the fight.
Notes
Gallery
Gyojin worried
Samuel's flashback
Sinu angry
Alexander shocked
Ep. 311 - Story flashback.png
Story flashback
Minseon cleaning Gapryong's portrait
Minseon talking about Gapryong
Big Deal girl's angry
Jake's friends shocked
Gun sees Gapryong in Jake
References
Navigation