Ep. 306: Jake Kim (5)
is the 306 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Brad Lee
Eden
Fluffy
Gapryong Kim
(Flashback)
Gyojin Lim
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Johan Seong
Minseon Kang
(Flashback)
Old Face
Robert Choi
Samuel Seo
Samuel's mother
(Flashback)
Sinu Han
Woong Beom
Yeonhui
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
Black Bear Gang
Summary
Sinu blackmails the leader with a Newtube video he made, explaining that he will save the kids captured by Black Bear. If Sinu doesn't return, the video will be uploaded and they will gain a reputation as child killers. When they escape from their territory, Jake and the others learn Sinu was posturing the entire time. He invites them to come eat with him.
Alexander begins bragging that Samuel is the son of a gangster, and Jerry blurts out that Jake's father was also a gangster. Then he asks why Sinu is protecting this particular street, and he tells him the girls who work there are really pretty. Jake is angered by this and dumps his food before leaving. He remembers that his father used to cheat on his mother, and he is disappointed Sinu is like that. Samuel doesn't seem to mind, remembering that his father would say similar things.
As Jake sits down to think, he is approached by one of storeowners, a girl called Yeonhui. She tells Jake that he is wrong about Sinu, and that he was only joking. Sinu has been protecting her street ever since he was a child, and he usurped the previous owner so he would have the manpower to continue doing so. The people on the street came to know of him as the "Boy of Promise", and they pay him a fee out of their own gratitude. Jake decided to visit Big Deal once more, and along with Samuel, they became members.
On a rainy day, Jerry was walking back from school. He came across Johan Seong passed out in the floor, and recognizes him from the news.
Notes
Gallery
Woong & Fluffy
Robert
Old Face & Sinu
Sinu smiling
Jake's flashback 2
Jake's flashback
Samuel's flashback
Seonhui squatting
Seonhui talking about Big Deal
Sinu's passion
The start of golden age of Big Deal
Jerry with Eden
Johan passed out
References
Navigation