Ep. 332: Workers (3 Affiliates) (3)
is the 332 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Arin
Chuchuming TV
Chuck Kwak
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
Donghu Park
Eli Jang
Eli's mother
(Flashback)
Eli's step-father
(Flashback)
Eli's step-mother
(Flashback)
Huseong Ha
Jake Kim
(Flashback)
Jerry Kwon
Justin Peng
(Flashback)
Li Chao
(Flashback)
Lineman
Nari Han
Ryan the Cat
(Flashback)
Taegon Wi
Vivi
Xiaolong
Groups/Organizations:
Workers: Club Vivi
Summary
Xiaolong is informed about the intruders, who are fighting executives. He tells the guard to tell the executives they can kill any intruder. He locks Vivi in her room and guards the outside.
Taegon Wi grew up without a family in China. He was targeted by kidnappers as a kid, and he did whatever he could to survive. When he became older he was approached by Xiaolong who offered him a position. Although he has been in Korea for some time, he hasn’t found any opponents as strong as those in China.
Taegon told Eli that he was waiting for a real fight in Korea,and he could have his badge if he wins. After some sparring, Taegon decides Eli is worthy of his staff, and he puts his nunchucks together. He bats Eli’s baton away but he grabs a frying pan instead. Taegon starts imagining his own victory before he returns to consciousness. He asks Eli how he could have lost when he was so miserable, and Eli says he must have been worse off than Taegon in that case.
Lineman is still standing after taking a beating from Huseong. Huseong asks why his tattoos aren’t colored in, because it looks amateur. Lineman says he can’t color them because Jake called him Lineman. Huseong decides to end things when Jerry comes out of the bathroom. Lineman asks Jerry if his act was worthy of Big Deal before passing out.
Notes
Gallery
Vivi's friends drugged
Vivi trying to get out
Xiaolong standing guard
Taegon's flashback
Taegon's flashback 2
Starving Taegon
Elder man offering food
Taegon Wi dreams that defeated Eli Jang
The reality
Eli's flashback
Lineman proctecting
Lineman's flashback
Jerry vs Huseong
References
Navigation