Episode 2
is the 2nd episode of Lookism.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Eli Jang
Logan Lee
Mae Kim
Mira Kim
Seonhui Park
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Daniel's Unnamed Former School
Summary
Daniel's mother
asks him if he's okay and scolds
Logan
, embarrassing him and his bullies in front of the girls (seeming that he called his mother due to him being bullied). He then furiously yells at his mother, stating that she is embarrassing him and Daniel apologizes to
Logan
. This secretly makes Daniel feel miserable and immense guilt and he even called himself the 'world's biggest piece of trash'. After school his mother sits him down and confirms that she allows him to transfer. Daniel realizes that his mother knew that he was getting bullied but pretended not to know, and he starts crying. Despite feeling guilty, Daniel listens to his mother and decides to start fresh. Daniel finds his new home which turns out to be an old shack. Daniel goes to
a hair dresser
and has his hair cut to a 'two-block' hairstyle, but he ends up looking like Kim Jong Un
[
1
]
, but Daniel doesn't get the hint as he is too immersed in his own world .
On his way from the hairdresser he spots
Mira Kim
looking at him. He thinks that she is interested in him (while she thinks he is weird), so he smiles at her, which ironically creeps her out.
Zack Lee
sees Daniel smile at Mira and gets jealous, but Mira prevents him from fighting. While walking away, Mira smiles apologetically at Daniel for Zack's behavior. However, Daniel takes the smile for flirting and asks Mira and Zack out for coffee. Unable to keep his anger under control, Zack punches Daniel in the face while bystanders take pictures and upload them online.
That night, Daniel cries himself to sleep because he had gone viral online, and had lost his chance at a new start. When he wakes up, he goes to the bathroom to check his probably tear-swollen eyes and finds that the ceiling and sink look much lower than before. He then finds himself looking very different, with a slim figure and extraordinarily handsome appearance. He stays in utter shock before falling out of the bathroom in confusion and bewilderment, only to find his old body which is found to be sleeping peacefully on the floor.
Gallery
Daniel's mother checking on Daniel after witnessing the bullying.
Daniel insults his mother
Daniel's mother sends him off with a smile
Daniel happy
Daniel happy about moving to new neighbourhood
Uptown
Daniel's Mother shouting at Logan for bullying her son
Eli waiting for client's
Daniel's bad haircut
Zack walking toward's Mira & Daniel
Zack jealous
Daniel's reflection
Daniel's rebirth
Daniel's house at night
References
↑
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Jong-un