Episode 111
is the 111th episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Enu
Euntae Lee
Jay Hong
Jiho Park
Joy Hong
Vasco
Groups/Organizations:
Kian Shop
Summary
Jiho rushes to the convenience store where original Daniel works, and tells Daniel everything. Jiho and Daniel then confront the bullies at the playground, only for the bullies to beat them up. Daniel realizes that, although he'd been able to clearly see every punch and kick directed his way, he was unable to do anything because his reflexes were too slow. Daniel then returns to the bullies with his new body, asking for them to return the bag. The bullies do so immediately and try to suck up to him. New Daniel then takes Jiho to Jay's home. They then see
Joy,
Jay's younger sister. When they ask if Joy lives with Jay, she answers that her brother lives alone, but she's come over to play. Joy then tells them Jay's just left, but she'll text him telling him they're there. Jay's answer is very frenzied, and Joy explains that he said he's coming back immediately, and says it's not like her brother to do so. She then tells them Jay had asked her to help him find his wallet. Daniel immediately begins to tell her that they have Jay's wallet, but Jiho stops him, not wanting to look bad in front of a pretty girl. He decides that it would be fine if he just threw the wallet inside of Jay's bedroom.
However, when Jiho opened the door, he saw Enu's pups inside, barking at him and telling him to leave because they thought he was a thief. They jump at him, biting him. Jiho flings them to the ground and throws the wallet at them, only to infuriate Enu for bullying her children. Enu starts to attack him.
Meanwhile, Joy greets Jay as he gets home. He's sweaty from running, panting and holding a plastic bag. She tells him she's come over to play and asks where he's been. Daniel explains that Jiho's come as well, and that, if Daniel had known earlier, he would have told Jay he was coming beforehand. Jay, seeing Daniel, immediately starts cleaning the room, while Joy tells him it's already clean. Jiho walks out, clutching at his arm and limping, his clothes ripped. Enu barks from behind, saying that she'd caught a thief. That's when Jiho sees the bag Jay is holding, which is full of 10 million won checks. Daniel says that he didn't know Jay had gone out collecting the checks, and that Daniel had a lot of them too. It turns out that the checks were just pamphlets promoting the online clothes shop that Daniel poses for, and Daniel's picture is printed on the back. Jiho realizes that all his work was for nothing and faints.
Cookie 1
The day before, Jay was walking through the streets when he receives a pamphlet for the clothing store that Daniel works for. People were throwing them away when they realized they weren't checks. When Jay puts Daniel's picture in his wallet, he smiles.
Cookie 2
Vasco & Daniel are seen running in the park, after a while they take a break and Vasco comments on how strong willed Daniel is to lose weight, but questions why he's not losing any weight after 3 months.
Notes
Gallery
Vasco wonder's why Daniel isn't losing weight
Enu angry with Jiho
Jay cleaning his house
Jiho returning from his fight
Joy opens the door for Jiho & Daniel
References
Navigation