Ep. 120: Stalker (Conclusion)
is the 120 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Goo Kim
Gun Park
Kouji
Logan Lee
Stalker Girl
Groups/Organizations:
Police
Summary
The stalker noticed Daniel looking in her direction and launches herself at her, taser out. The scene cuts to
Gun
who is on the phone with the
Kouji
. He tells him that Crystal had left alone, and worried for her, had phoned Gun to ask when he was coming back from overseas. Gun says he's coming back soon, and that Goo was still having a lot of fun beating someone up. He continued to say that he isn't worried about her because he'd taught her some moves earlier.
Crystal kicks the stalker's head,causing blood to come out of the stalker's mouth. She says that this is a lot less than Daniel had to suffer and locks the door, telling the stalker to prepare to have her ass handed to her. The stalker cries and tries to squeeze Crystal but she aims her elbow at the stalker's back, incapacitating her in one blow. As the stalker falls to the ground, Crystal uses the taser to electrocute her. Daniel, thanks her, and she asks him why he'd let her go earlier. When he replies that it's because she's a girl, she continues to say that the stalker's a girl too, and tells him to stop judging people based on their looks. She realizes this may be the first time they’d seen each other for who they were inside.
The police had arrived and had put the stalker in handcuffs. As the stalker is led to the police car, she cries for her "husband", trying to explain that her "husband" had two bodies. Meanwhile, the people around her snicker, saying she's lost her mind. Daniel smiles, thinking that nobody would believe the stalker's words, but, behind him, Crystal, wide-eyed, seems to realize the truth.
Epilogue
The stalker girl asks two guys if they like her ring, and they answer that it's really pretty, if she made it herself, and that she was very good with her hands. They ask her if she has an accessories shop and where it's open. It turns out that the stalker had become really pretty. While in prison, she met a girl who had kept some makeup from the guards, realized the stalker girl could become really pretty, and taught her to apply makeup. When the stalker girl leaves prison, she uses the new technique to look beautiful, and she suddenly realizes that everyone's asking her for contact information and even offering her jobs. The story ends with the girl from prison telling her the moral that who you are inside doesn't matter because, in this world, everyone only cares about appearances.
Cookie
In the cookie we see a teacher in the staff room talking to someone about how close they were to becoming a Sophomore & finishing their first year, it's then revealed that the student the teacher was talking to was in fact
Logan Lee
, who wants to transfer due to a fight.
Notes
Gallery
Crystal fights Stalker Girl
Daniel shocked by Crystal
Goo fighting Logan
Gun talking to Kouji
Kouji talking to Gun
Logan wants to transfer
References
Navigation