Ep. 382: Workers (2nd Affiliate) (11)
is the 382 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Akira Katsuzawa
Eugene
Euntae Lee
(Flashback)
Gun Park
(Flashback)
Jewoo Park
(Flashback)
Kenta Magami
Mitsuki Soma
Vin Jin
Warren Chae
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Workers 2nd Affiliation
Summary
The chapter begins with a flashback showing Akira's past, he was a JFC fighter who lost everything after killing his pregnant girlfriend, he was called by Kenta Magami to become a Workers spy for the Circus, returning to the present, Akira starts to uppercut Vin Jin, but Vin easily avoids it, and even provokes him.
Eugene, in a flashback talks about Vin Jin's power and fighting skills, Eugene points out that Cheonliang's Vin is extremely strong, one of her most notable abilities is her gripping strength, and her training was to snatch trees from the ground, Vin overpowers Akira in their fight.
Akira gets up from the ground calling him "Bakemono" (monster in Japanese). Vin begins to hear that the VIPs are also fearing him because of his eye condition. Vin remembers his past, where he tries (apparently) to poke out his eye. Vin, enraged at having remembered this, puts Akira in a sort of armbar, to dislocate the Japanese's shoulder, which he succeeds in, thus ending his fight without too many problems. The state in which Akira ends up reminds Vin of the time he finds out Jewoo had his arms and legs dislocated, which pisses him off.
Neko warns Kenta that he must stop them from proceeding, due to some problem involving the next game, Kenta understands, Zack Lee pesters Kenta by challenging him, Kenta pushes Zack away with just one punch, Zack then says that this will be his opponent, but Kenta As for the three (Warren, Vin and Zack), however small he may seem, his presence is much greater.
There is a flashback of Kenta kneeling in front of Gun Park.
Notes
Gallery
Vin dodges
Eugene sitting
Story flashback
Neko talking to Kenta
Kenta nodding towards Neko
Kenta walking towards Vin, Zack & Warren
Kenta staring
Kenta's flashback
References
Navigation