Ep. 118: Stalker (06)
is the 118 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Boseong Kim
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Kouji
Stalker Girl
Groups/Organizations:
Beosong Kim Restaurant
Police
Summary
The stalker girl reveals that she knew about the fact that Daniel had two bodies, and that he changes by slapping himself. Daniel doesn't correct her, and decides to figure out where he is. When she refuses to tell him, he says that he won't marry her. The stalker is angry, thinking he's lying to her, and tasers him again.
When Daniel wakes up in his original body, he's still in the police station, and the police still think he's lying. He asks Crystal for help. The police promise to help and are very reverent towards Crystal because it turns out she's very close to the department head. When Crystal asks how Daniel had contacted her without a cell phone, he explains he'd sent a message to original Crystal and asked her to pass the message on. Crystal offers to help find new Daniel, and Daniel thanks her and leaves, saying he's already found a lead.
Crystal calls
Kouji
and tells him to locate Daniel's cellphone. The Kouji tells her that he's not going to do it, but Crystal only tells him Daniel's phone number and hangs up. She looks incredibly angry and says that nobody should bully her Daniel.
Original Daniel, on the other hand, heads to a telephone stand where he calls the number of the noodle restaurant where the stalker had called for takeaway. He'd memorized the phone number of the restaurant while tied up in his new body. He asks the restaurant to tell him the address of the woman who'd called for two bowls of noodles. However, when the restaurant owner hears his request, he seems to mistake Daniel for a stalker instead and hangs up.
Crystal had already gotten the address from the Kouji through text. He tells her that it's a good thing Daniel's cell phone was still on, and tells her she shouldn't go alone and should bring Gun with her. She replies that Gun had went with Goo out of the country, and that it was an emergency, so she can deal with any danger by herself. The Kouji replies that it's true, she isn't pretty when she gets mad either, and tells her that it's free this time, but he wants her to think over his last request some more. As she gets closer to the address the Kouji's sent her, Crystal starts to get a little scared. However, when she arrives, she starts because she realizes she's been here before.
Notes
Gallery
Boseong Kim
Stalker Girl knows Daniel's secret
Kouji angry
Crystal Walking
References
Navigation