Ep. 217: Jacedaichi Case Files (03)
is the 217 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
(Flashback)
Duke Pyeon
Euntae Lee
Gordon Park
Jace Park
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jay-gal Gong
Logan Lee
Mary Kim
Moley
Vin Jin
Yui Kim
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Hostel
J High School
Summary
Jace explains that Yui did go to the bathroom, but not to wash her face. Her pills were laxatives, and the noise Zack heard was her going to the toilet. She is acquitted. The singing that Yui heard was not Duke but his CD Vin listened to in the bathroom; he is also acquitted. Zack is acquitted because he was clearly asleep.
Mary is acquitted because she was at the lecture at the time. Logan claims he did it but Jay-Gal denies it, saying the reason Logan was absent was to give Zoe a picture he drew of her. He leaps out the window with Jay-Gal and the both of them are acquitted. Mr. Park is also acquitted, because Jace only saw him looking, and he did nothing more.
The real culprit was
Jasmine Huh
. She lies about being rich and then placed her wallet in Vasco's locker to pretend her money was stolen. She pretended to be Mary and went with Vin to the café, but he didn't notice because his glasses were too dark. The last piece of evidence is the small gem from her headband she left at the crime scene. Jasmine is revealed to be a mythomaniac, a perpetual liar. Jace ends the case happy with himself, and with a bunch of new enemies.
Cookie is Gordon Park giving Jasmine her wallet with all the money in it. He placed his own money in there because he genuinely believed Jasmine lost her money, and complains that his wife will be mad.
Later, a weirdo wearing a stocking mask tries to sell an internet café computer to some strangers. When they refuse him he beats them with a keyboard and escapes the scene. He is approached by members of Hostel, and removes his mask to reveal himself as
James Gong
.
Notes
Gallery
Title card
Jace's flashback with Mary in the background
Zack realizes
Jay-gal defending Logan
Jasmine annoyed
Jace about to die
Gordon smoking
James counting money
Hostel recruting James
References
Navigation