Ep. 355: James Lee (1)
is the 355 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Daniel Park
DG
(Flashback)
Eugene
Gordon Park
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jiho Park
Yuseong
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
J High School
Summary
Jiho
apologizes to
Daniel
for pushing him, blaming it on his insecurities. Before Daniel can get angry,
the teacher
thanks Jiho and tells the class he will be returning to prison shortly afterwards. Daniel wonders if Jiho has truly changed. As they are stepping out, Jiho asks the prison guard if he can use the bathroom. He runs into some old bullies from school, who harass him before he beats them and locks them in a stall. While he is washing his hands of their blood, Daniel approaches and asks him if he is truly sorry for what he did. Jiho tells him he would have been sorry if it were Daniel, but that he is not sorry for
James Lee
that was pushed. Driving back from school, the officer tells Jiho he will take him straight home. Jiho asks if he can meet someone and the officer obliges, saying he should make the most of his time outside of jail.
At the
Workers's
headquarters, Daniel asks
Eugene
when he can enter the second affiliate, but Eugene doesn't trust him yet. He upholds his end of the bargain and tells Daniel the story of James Lee and the History of Fists. James was from the first generation of gangsters, following pre-generation and before the second generation (the current one.) He was one of the most influential people of that era, but only people who were close to him know anything more than that. Daniel asks what would happen if someone else called him James Lee, and Eugene becomes stern and asks for more information.
Jiho approaches
Big Deal
and asks to see
Jake
. One of the gangsters looks down on him, so he stabs him in the eye with the man's cigarette. Jake comes out with the commotion and asks if Jiho did that. Jiho says he kept his promise to Jake, and Jake asks him again.
Notes
Gallery
Jiho & Gordon
Story flashback
Daniel talking to Eugene
Jake
Jason & Brad
References
Navigation