Ep. 264: Juvenile Prison Jiho Park (1)
is the 264 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Daniel Park
(Flashback)
Darius Hong
Ethan Hwang
Hyunwoo Kim
Jake Kim
James Gong
(Flashback)
Jason Yoon
Jiho Park
Riley Oh
Wally Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Juvenile Prison
Summary
Riley Oh
is placed in
Darius
's cell after he was arrested for prostitution scams. He notices that nobody in the cell has eyebrows and is unnerved by it. Riley wants to appear tough, so he challenges Darius for dominance. Darius takes offense and decides to discipline Riley.
Mr. Kim
has begun his evaluations and is concerned about Riley, who is hysterical and begs him to save him from the cell leader. He questions Darius about his desires in an attempt to connect to him, but Darius tries to sexually harass him. Wally also proves to be unstable and tries to choke Mr. Kim on the orders of the cell leader. The only normal person is
Jiho
, who draws a cute picture of a house and says he likes Mr. Kim's fidget spinner. Mr. Kim takes the drawing to be a sign that Jiho craves affection, and tells Jiho that he is a good kid and shouldn't lose himself.
When Mr. Kim talks to the prison guards they say they cannot move Jiho from his cell. He is angry because he thinks Jiho will be harassed by Darius, who he thinks is the leader of the cell. The guards tell him that Jiho is the leader of the cell, and that he is not a nice kid. In his cell, Jiho is shown shaving the eyebrows of Riley and enjoying the terrified look on his face.
In the prison yard, the leaders of the cells are fighting each other for a position in
Big Deal
. Jason Yoon and Brad Lee recommend one fighter based on his strength, but that fighter is overwhelmed by a sneak attack from Jiho.
Jake
is pleased with Jiho's development but his underlings are not. Once Jake leaves, Jason attacks Jiho and tells him off for fighting dirty. Jiho doesn't care about fairness and says he can beat Jason as well. Jason challenges Jiho to beat him, and Jiho accepts.
Later in a woodshop Jiho appears behind Jason, who is cutting wood. He asks if Jiho plans to push him like he pushed Daniel. Jiho says that the only thing he regrets about pushing
Daniel
is that he did not get someone else to do it for him. At these words, Wally pushes Jason into the saw.
Notes
Gallery
Riley in Juvenile
Riley in Juvenile (No Text)
Wally taking care of plant
Hyunwoo looking at Darius picture
Darius seducing
Jiho's drawing
Jake watching
Ethan after fight
Jason Yoon
Jiho's flashback
References
Navigation