Episode 81
is the 81th episode of Lookism.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Enu
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
Mira Kim
Taejoon Park
Woong
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
None
Summary
It is the weekend, and
Daniel
is heading to
Vasco's
birthday party with
Enu
. Due to his drinking problem, Daniel assures himself that Vasco will hold the party at a normal cafe or restaurant. He reveals that both bodies were invited, but he wanted to go as his original.
Crystal
is also jogging in her original body, saying that it has become a habit to run. However, she meets Enu, who bites her, and realizes that Daniel is also close by. They make small talk, and both of them lament being in their original bodies; Daniel thinking that he cannot talk to her because if his new body had no chance, his original does not have any either, and Crystal thinking that she cannot talk to him because all guys like pretty girls. They both head to the Han River, thinking that they "don't want to split."
Vasco turns out to be partying in the park, in the wintertime, on a blanket. He is incredibly happy that Daniel made it, and the latter excuses his new body by saying that he is sick. Vasco asks if Crystal is Daniel's girlfriend, which he denies. Three
Burn Knuckles
are there, as well as
Zack
and
Mira
and
Taejoon
. They are all freezing, and Daniel tries to ask Vasco to go indoors, but Vasco is so happy that no one has the heart to say it.
The Burn Knuckles apparently had a party at a pork restaurant, and they had drawn lots to see who would go to the park party, because "we didn't all need to die,"
Jace
explains to Daniel. Zack tries to leave the fool's party, but Mira convinces him to stay. They sing Happy Birthday to Vasco, and everyone is relieved when the candles are blown out, as surely Vasco would move inside now; but Vasco pretends not to notice and blows anyway.
Daniel gives Vasco pictures of Enu's pups, since he knows about Vasco's love of dogs. Vasco is touched. Jace, who searched for months, presents Vasco with a Special Edition Heroman figurine. Vasco is moved. Zack grabs a rock and writes "GOOD LUCK" on it, insisting that it was a treasure from his mother and it will grant good luck to its owner. Vasco is again moved, as the others note that Zack isn't even bothering to hide the magic marker. Taejoon creates a Pacebook account for Vasco and gathers 100,000 followers, which Vasco responds to with apathy.
Vasco wants to play a recreational mating game, in which "three" consists of the third Burn Knuckle, Jace, and Daniel, the last two wondering what would happen to Vasco and Crystal. Jace tries again to move the party indoors but fails. Vasco calls "two" and reaches for Mira, but Zack, in a burst of fury, clips his nose. Vasco, blood streaming from his face, insists that it was an accident, and they move on.
Daniel is chosen to play Duck, Duck, Goose. The three Burn Knuckles try again to talk to Vasco, but when he thanks Jace for always being his friend, Jace is too moved to speak. Zack tries to leave again, but it stopped by Mira. Then, Zack thinks about making Vasco mad. He takes out the Heroman figurine, replaces it with his rock, and throws the present into the river, saying that "Heroman went for a swim in the water." Vasco jumps in after the present.
Notes
Gallery
Vasco wearing birthday hat
Daniel & Crystal being shy
Enu running towards Crystal
Zack & Mira in the cold
Burn Knuckles in the cold
References
Navigation