Ep. 127: First Love (01)
is the 127 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Arom Song
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
Jaehan Kim
Leonn Lee
Logan Lee
Panjun Kim
(Flashback)
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Summary
Daniel
sits on the bed in the Nurse's Room, thinking deeply about how to avoid
Logan
. He comes to the conclusion that since Logan is in a different class, it won't be difficult to avoid him. Daniel gets up and tries to open the door so he can leave but the door won't budge because Logan is also trying to open it from the other side.
The scene then cuts off to
Vasco
and
Jace
walking down the hallways with the freshmen greeting them with respect. Vasco notices
Leonn
greet him casually. Vasco asks him for his name and the people tell him to speak formally to his senior, Vasco. Leonn states that Vasco promised to fight him in the past. Vasco is still unable to remember and this angers Leonn, who then proceeds to kick Vasco in the shin out of frustration. Vasco collapses and Jace asks Vasco if that Leonn's kick hurt him that much and Vasco says it was Logan's attack that did it. Vasco labels Logan as a 'punk' and comments that he's unbelievably strong.
The scene switches back to Daniel and Logan. Both of them continue to attempt to open the door with unbelievable strength and force and the door finally opens and Daniel accidentally bumps into Logan. Daniel panics, remembering that the two have actually met before and hopes that Logan doesn't recognise him. Logan tells him to piss off and Daniel attempts to leave. Suddenly,
Zoe
holds Daniel's arm and asks him if he's okay. Remembering his insecurity around handsome guys who always have girls follow them around, he stops Daniel with anger.
A flashback to Logan's past is shown, when he had his first girlfriend. Logan used to date
Mae's
old girlfriend, who liked him because he was strong. She cheated on Logan for a handsome guy, and from that day on Logan hated handsome guys. He also became violent towards women. He grabs Daniel's shoulder and is surprised when he doesn't back down.
Notes
Gallery
Arom cheating on Logan with Jaehan
Zoe with Daniel
Leonn waiting for Vasco
Vasco & Jace being greeted by First years
Logan angry
Logans backstory
References
Navigation