Episode 82
is the 82th episode of Lookism.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
4 unnamed pups
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Eli Jang
Enu
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
Jay Hong
Mira Kim
Taejoon Park
Woong
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Police
Rescue Teams
Summary
Vasco yells that he will not come out of the river until he finds Jace's present. Jace calls out to him, but Zack stops him, saying that if there is a fight to come, Vasco should use up his strength before it.
Police have arrived ono the scene, and Vasco has knocked out the entire Rescue Team. The Police ask if there is a tranquilizer gun for catching bears, to which the answer is negative. Zack realizes that Vasco's stamina is limitless. A reporter hears Vasco repeating the words "gift" and "precious" and deduces that he has been heartbroken by a lover. At last, Zack jumps into the river with the figurine that he took out earlier and calls to Vasco.
Vasco and Zack get out and have some warm drinks, but Vasco realizes that Zack's rock and the Heroman box are still missing. Vasco again jumps into the river, intent on finding the rock. All the guys jump into the water as Mira and Crystal wonder if they should call the authorities again. Daniel starts drowning and is saved by Enu. While Crystal is desperately trying to make Daniel wake up,
Eli
appears on the scene and creates another Good Luck rock. He hands it to Zack, who waves it at Vasco again. Everyone starts getting out of the river when Vasco notices something.
Zack ceremoniously turns to present the rock to Vasco again when he sees Vasco holding both the box and the rock. Vasco demands to know who was at the root of the problem, and everyone points to Zack. The party ends with Zack's K.O.
Jay
is seen watching the 9 o'clock news as he sees Crystal kneeling over Daniel on television.
Zoe
also sees this and wonders sadly why Daniel is with another girl. Crystal, now in her new body, snaps a picture of this scene of the TV and happily saves it as her background picture on her phone.
Notes
Gallery
Enu saves Daniel
Everyone looking at Zack
Eli riding a bike
Jay watching tv
Pups watching tv
Everyone shocked by the situation
Vasco finds the lucky rock
Zoe watching tv
References
Navigation