Ep. 294: Workers (4 Affiliates) (8)
is the 294 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Amy Lee
Charles Choi
Daniel Park
Doo Lee
Gabriel Park
Goo Kim
(Flashback)
Gun Park
Jamie
Kouji
(Flashback)
Ms. Racoon
(Flashback)
Natalie Cho
Robert Choi
Samuel Seo
Senior Manager Kim
Warren Chae
Groups/Organizations:
Workers: One MCN
Summary
The president
beats
manager Kim
and asks how he could allow this to happen. In a flashback,
Daniel
tells
Warren
and
Doo
he expects to be caught and that in case Warren should cause a ruckus. Daniel's small body frees the girls from their cells and they go to every imprisoned streamer to save them. On his way out he runs into Mr. Gold, who instead of helping him, punches him the face. He takes off his wig and smirk and reveals that he is the president of the company, and he wanted to keep an eye on Daniel from the start. He wonders where Daniel got a black badge, since he asked the VVIPs and none of them confirmed. He asks if Daniel is conspiring with
Samuel
behind his back, and brings the security back to round up the streamers.
Warren and Doo are brought to the president and he berates the security team again on their mishaps. He beats up Samuel and tells him he should be grateful for all he has done. Daniel shows up holding the beaten security guards and greets everyone before informing them that they are disqualified for illegal actions. The president asks how Daniel can prove the illegal matters. Daniel throws the illegal contracts in the president's face, and tells him that the Workers are disqualified from the four crews. He managed to get these files by using his black badge on the locked safe.
Notes
Gallery
President and his present car
Security Team
Story flashback
Daniel and the team join heads
Warren looking down the stairs
Daniel covering his hand
One MCN livestreamers
Alexander thinking about the Black Badges
Goo holding the phone for Gun
Daniel beating secuity
Daniel throwing illegal contacts
Daniel's flashback
Close up of the square up
Daniel and Warren square up
References
Navigation