Ep. 254: Jin Jang's Analysis (3)
is the 254 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Chuck Kwak
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Dominic Min
Eli Jang
Hope Park
Ivan Park
Jace Park
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jay Hong
Jin Jang
Joy Hong
Justin Peng
Mary Kim
Mira Kim
Olly Wang
Scott Kwon
Vin Jin
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Hostel A
Summary
Scott and Dominic are frozen in fear, and Jay takes the opportunity to attack them. He defeats them with Kali Arnis, a martial art specific to improvised weaponry. Eli Jang also defeats Hope and Ivan Park using his blunt savagery, racing to the daycare to pick up Yenna. Jace tells Jin he could have never expected it, and Jin counters by saying Jace couldn't expect Jin escaping from a window.
Jace cringes at his escape and decides he overestimated Jin, but Jin tells Olly that Jace is too prideful. He came to J high not to analyze the fighters, but to analyze Jace's analytical skills. He tells Olly he has a three step plan to destroy J high, and his first step will target Jace.
Cookie
At her house
Joy
asks her father's assistant for a rifle, which he gives her. She asks why he has so many guns when he's not a kid and he asks if she believes they are real. He tells her even he isn't sure whether the guns are real.
Ending
Daniel and his friends decide to go on a trip to visit Jay's seaside villa. He packs his handsome body in a large suitcase and carries it onto the train. He is happy they won't have to fight but
Olly
suspects there will be a fight, so he sends the uncles of Hostel to Cheongliang.
Mary Kim
and
Vin Jin
are back in their hometown Cheongliang when they hear the fashion department kids are headed there. Mary is worried because Vin's old friends are dangerous, and wonders if they will be alright.
Notes
Gallery
Jace
Jay vs Dominic & Scott
Eli vs Hope & Ivan
Jin's retreat
Joy using Jay's gun's
The gang taking a photo in midair
The gang going to the train
Olly talking to uncles
Hostel making a move
Vin talking to Mary
Mary talking to Vin
References
Navigation