Ep. 257: Hostel Branch (3)
is the 257 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Johan Seong
Joy Hong
Matt Kang
Mira Kim
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Train Perverts
Summary
Zack is about to beat the perverts when their leader intervenes and apologizes for their behavior. They take their leave and one of the perverts begins talking inappropriately about Mira. He trips over the leg of the figure in black and demands an apology. Jace tells the gangster to not bother the guy and the pervert assumes he is stupid and leaves.
In the train bathroom the perverts gather to talk about a photograph. Zack decides to apologize from within the stall, and the perverts accept his apology. They show him an image of Mira they took secretly, and ask what he thinks of her. He begins to beat them.
Back at their seats the girls continue to be harassed by the perverts. The leader receives a photo of Mira from his associates and is called out by Joy for taking creepshots of girls (known in Korea as
molka
). Mira,
Zoe
and Daniel race to see what is going on, and Daniel demands to see the picture. As he is beating the perverts, Zack manages to knock over Daniel's suitcase, knocking out Little Daniel and releasing Big Daniel. The girls watch in shock as Daniel walks over to the leader and stands behind him menacingly.
Jace gets up to help stop the fight but he is stopped by the man in black. He tells the man not to worry because he can handle in a fight. The man tells him he is aware of this and reveals himself to be
Johan Seong
. Jace is startled and asks if he is trying to join Hostel. Johan turns the question on Jace and reveals that the tattoo on the girl's arm, exposing her as a member of
Hostel
.
Notes
Gallery
Bear finds Vasco
Jace bluffing
Zack angry and clenching his fists
Crystal turning around
Zoe, Mira & Joy shocked
Daniel behind Matt
Johan reveals Hostel girl
References
Navigation