Episode 4
is the 4th episode of Lookism.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Doo Lee
Han Park
Jay Hong
Jiho Park
Kay Jang
Mira Kim
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Summary
This episode starts off in a classroom, where people are casually talking about how time flies so quickly.
Jiho Park
is being bullied by
Doo Lee
and his friends who are forcing him to fan them. The homeroom teacher comes in and tells everyone to be quiet, stating that there's a new transfer student.
Daniel
enters the room and everyone becomes astounded at his heavenly attractiveness. The girls' hearts race while the boys become slightly alert and jealous of his appearance.
Daniel goes to his assigned seat and tries to make friends with whoever is next to him, so he smiles and greets whoever is next to him. To his shock, Daniel realizes that the person sitting next to him is
Zack
, the boy who punched him earlier.
Zoe Park
begins flirting with him, and Daniel is confused how to respond. Zack sees
Mira
staring at Daniel and he becomes jealous of him. The next scene is set in the cafeteria, where Daniel eats with Zoe. He is happy he isn't being bullied, and is unaware of her aggressive protectiveness over him.
Doo and his friends confront Daniel and tell him to meet them after lunch, which worries Daniel. Surprisingly they offer him a cigarette and say that he should hook them up with girls. Daniel lies to them that he quit smoking (so that he doesn't have to smoke while not making himself look 'uncool') and informs them that he doesn't know any girls. The three other boys, including Doo, feel intimidated and think of Daniel as imposing while he quickly runs off in fear.
Later, Daniel is seen peacefully sleeping with Zoe watching him adoringly. Daniel wakes up in his old body and panics, trying to force himself to sleep. As he wakes up he accidentally swears at Zoe, but this only makes her fall for him even more.
Notes
Gallery
Doo, Kay & Han complainin about weather
Kay telling Jiho to fan them
Jiho fanning bullies
Mira being cold
Jays introduction
Zoe introduces herself to Daniel
Zoe flirting, much to Zack's annoyance 1
Zoe flirting, much to Zack's annoyance 2
Daniel grab's food
Kay Jang offering cigarettes to Daniel
Zoey noticing Daniel sleeping
Zoe waking Daniel up
Zoe swooning over Daniel
J High School
References