Episode 38
is the 38th episode of Lookism.
Characters
Characters:
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Gun Park
Hyeri
Ira Oh
Jace Park
Jay Hong
Namsoo Lee
Woojin
Woong
Yui Kim
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Burn Knuckles
Gian High School
Summary
The Burn Knuckles
join the fight.
Vasco
waits patiently, and is jumped from behind by one of the three henchmen, the judo guy, who grabs Vasco's shoulders. Vasco easily raises his arms, breaking free effortlessly. Vasco uses his famous vice grip (shoulder grab) to bring him down. Everyone who's felt it sympathizes with the pain.
Meanwhile,
Jay
smokes next to his motorcycle. Apparently, Woojin called more backup (freshmen), and Jay took them all down by himself. A new face (with another guy) appears, complimenting Jay's fighting skill, saying they don't like the kids from Gian High. He tells Jay that he should stop smoking or he won't get a lover, then he and the other guy leave. Jay drops his cigarette and decides to quit smoking.
Back to the main events, we have Woojin feeling caged. He charges
Daniel
, since he mistakes Daniel's nervousness as weakness, and realizes that both Vasco and
Zack
just calmly watch. He wonders why, trying to punch Daniel, but of course our cinnamon roll dodges like a boss. Because of the girls behind him, Daniel knows he can't do anything but fight, so he jabs (quick punch) at Woojin. Woojin jumps back before it hits him. Daniel decides to retry a straight (Zack's signature punch, which Zack showed little Daniel before), and steps forward, hooking (swinging from the side) him in the stomach, then going for the straight, right in the face. The fight is over. Vasco tells Woojin to cherish his girlfriend. Haeri cries over Woojin, holding his hand, and Vasco cries out of jealousy. Vasco insists that the BNC walk home because they don't have helmets.
Gun
was watching the whole time, recognizing Daniel's improvement. The beaten Woojin, leaning on Haeri, and the big judo guy approach and notice Gun (they were in the same high school). They chitchat, and Gun's apparently the same age as them (has to take the qualifying exam for university).
Back at school, Zack says Daniel must be a boxer and he lied, and wants a rematch in an official ring.
Namsoo
notices that Zack got his shoes in the end and envies it, knowing he couldn't have bought them for the amount of money he had. That's when
Yui
asks Zack if he'll study for mid-term exams (he won't), which makes Daniel realize he didn't study at all.
Notes
The guys who advised Jay to quit smoking to find a lover are from PTJ's other work, "The Real Anti-Smoking Campaign."
Gallery
Daniel does a jab at Woojin
Gun in car
Hyeri helping Woojin
Jace fighting
Jay resting
Vasco's signature move
Zack with new shoes
Namsoo jealous
Yui asking Zack
Burn Knuckles refusing to plant seeds
References