Ep. 116: Stalker (04)
is the 116 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Doo Lee
Han Park
Jay Hong
Kay Jang
Stalker Girl
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Summary
The next morning, Daniel and Crystal see each other while jogging. Crystal asks him whether he comes exercising everyday after work. Daniel replies yes, and that he exercises with a friend (Vasco) every morning before going home. Crystal, finding something in common, exclaims that she also often exercises as well. Daniel looks at her suspiciously, wondering if she's bragging about staying in shape. At the same time Crystal thinks that original Daniel is kind, fond of small animals, determined, and hard working, and wonders why someone as good as him would live with someone like new Daniel.
She asks Daniel whether the stalker's been coming around anymore lately, and he replies that no, she hasn't, and thanks Crystal for helping, but asks how she knew which place was his. Crystal, not wanting to reveal that she's been investigating him under orders of her father, explains that she saw it when she came over to feed Enu. The stalker angrily wonders who she is and decides she must have her eyes on new Daniel and wants to steal him away.
Zoe comes over right afterwards, asking if he'd seen the stalker again and offering to walk to school with him. She then notices how the place where Daniel lives isn't really fancy so she asks what Daniel's parents do. He answers that his mother does a little of everything and Zoe mistakenly believes that his mother's in charge of a huge company that dabbles in a bit of everything and is incredibly impressed. Unbeknownst to them, the stalker watches them from within Daniel's room, and thinks that Zoe is there to seduce Daniel as well. She wonders when the permission form will be sent to her, and frantically check her cell phone only to smile when she realizes that it's just been approved.
While at school, Daniel tells his classmates about his stalker. Zoe offers to walk with Daniel to school every morning, and says it'll be great if original Daniel comes along as well. Jay suddenly hands Daniel a utility knife and tells him to keep it. Daniel doesn't know why Jay is handing it to him but accepts. As he looks down at his hands he sees the ring the stalker had on, and realized that it must have been put onto him while he was asleep, showing that the girl was still in his home.
Frantically, he runs back home and realizes that his original body had disappeared. He looks all over the place for a sign of the stalker. When he checks the space under the kitchen sink, he realizes that, although nobody was there, there were a lot of soiled adult diapers. The stalker girl appears behind him and tasers him.
Notes
Gallery
Stalker Girl attacks Daniel
Crystal blushing
Doo, Han & Kay worried about Daniel
Jay blushing
Daniel talking about stalker
Zoe going to visit Daniel
References
Navigation