Ep. 117: Stalker (05)
is the 117 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Stalker Girl
Groups/Organizations:
Police
Summary
When Daniel wakes up, he finds that he isn't in pain and realizes that he's in his original body, but he can't move because he's been bound. The stalker is seen coming out of the bath, talking to an unconscious Daniel. She says that the two of them can live together forever, and that she's put the "annoying pig" in a place where nobody would ever find him.
Meanwhile, original Daniel tries to scream under the tape on his mouth and flails in his bonds. He tries rolling around and falls onto the ground. Suddenly, he feels something sharp and starts to use it to cut at his bonds. When he is finally able to take off his blindfold and open his eyes, he finds himself in a room that is covered with his own photographs. He realizes he'd fallen out of the closet full of wine bottles, and the sharp object he had used to cut off the ropes was actually a shard of glass from a broken bottle. After wondering for a while what he should do, he decides to run to the police office.
The policeman, upon hearing his story, are surprised at hearing his story and commends him for running to report it immediately. When Daniel gives his address, the first policeman tells Daniel to wait a moment because the address Daniel had given was an hour away from the police station, which didn't fit with Daniel's story that he had directly ran to the police office after he saw the crime. The police then comments on how Daniel smells of alcohol, and decides he must be drunk. When Daniel replies he hadn't drank, the police admonish him for lying and begin interrogating him.
Suddenly, Daniel loses consciousness as his other body wakes to find himself bound to a chair with his arms behind his back. They're in another room that's also covered with pictures of himself, and there's a circle of candles surrounding them. He asks her why she's doing this to him, to which she replies that they are one. She explains that this is their new home, and she'd specially decorated it for him, and that there were even some couple photos of them. She also explains that she's eating his fingernails and toenails as a snack, which she ate earlier when Daniel saw her outside his door.
Daniel exclaims that she can't do this, that she'd also kidnapped his "friend" and that this was illegal. However, the stalker only turns around, grinning, saying that she knew his "little secret".
Notes
Gallery
Stalker Girl waking Daniel up
Daniel falling unconcious
References
Navigation