Ep. 321: One Night II (2)
is the 321 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
DJ Chaerin
Euntae Lee
Hwang Ho
Jake Kim
Jerry Kwon
(Flashback)
Old Face
Seth Lee
(Flashback)
Vin Jin
(Flashback)
Vivi
Xiaolong
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Workers: Club Vivi
Summary
DJ Chaerin notices the fight breaking out with Vasco and Ho Hwang, but decide to just crank the music because the people are enjoying it. Old Face interrupts them and tells the guards he will handle the situation, and Jake is annoyed he missed his chance to talk to him. Jake suspects that Vasco doesn't stand a chance against Old Face, but Vasco has gotten stronger and easily knocks him out. Ho Hwang congratulates Vasco's strength.
Jake takes Old Face to a bathroom and ties him up. He sticks a toilet paper roll in his mouth and threatens to pump water down his throat if he doesn't reveal Sinu Han's location. Old Face tells him that he doesn't know where Sinu is, but he knows something else thats valuable. The girl in the stroller from earlier is Vivi, the president of the third affiliate and the daughter of a Chinese billionaire. She runs Hotel Vivi and Club Vivi. She is currently in the Workers because she is a drug addict, and drugs laws are more harsh in China. Old Face also tells Jake that her bodyguard is called Xiaolong, and his loyalty and the guards' loyalty is towarsd Vivi above all else. Xiaolong is rumored to be as strong as Gun, and the other bodyguards are as strong as the crew heads. Jake decides not to interfere with Vasco's fight, because he is not strong enough to lead a crew.
Vasco is currently losing against Ho Hwang when he tells him that he has learned a lot about winning from bad guys: he has to use his most lethal move first. He grabs Hwang's face and uses two of Brekdak's forbidden moves: No. 7 (Dough Kneading) and No. 8 (Rice Bag Smash). Jake approaches Xiaolong guarding a door and asks if he can speak with him in English, knowing that Xiaolong only speaks Chinese, and will probably only fight him.
Notes
Gallery
DJ Chaerin
Title Card
Hwang ready to fight Vasco
Vasco fighting pose angaist Hwang Ho
Jerry vs Old Face past
Vasco easily defeats Old Face
Jake takes Old Face
Xiaolong carrying Vivi
Vasco's flashback
Xiaolong guarding door
Jake walking towards Xiolong
References
Navigation