Ep. 262: One Night (5)
is the 262 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brekdak
Charles Choi
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Goo Kim
Gun Park
(After Image)
Jake Kim
(After Image)
Jay Hong
Johan Seong
Mary Kim
MC Pesticides
MC Rice Bag
Steve Hong
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
H Group
HNH Group
Summary
The Cheongliang fam demand to know where Vin is, and Daniel clarifies that they are not friends. MC Pesticides is relieved to hear of it and lets go of Daniel, but MC Rice Bag continues to harass Zack. While watching them quarrel, Daniel tells MC Pesticides that his friend is in danger because Zack is a skilled boxer. He is unconcerned because his friend is also skilled, flipping Zack on his head. Zack rushes MC Rice Bag and lifts him up in an effort to prove his strength. They are both lifted by MC Pesticides, who tells Zack he will punish him. Daniel tells them to stop and then flips all three of them, surprising Jay.
MC Pesticides compares his strength to Mary, and wonders how Daniel can be so strong. Daniel is concerned that are outnumbered but then sees MC Pesticides running away, screaming about a monster. Then the remaining members of Cheongliang fam are flipped by Mary, the monster. She berates them for fighting, and when they ask if she came alone she reveals that she did not.
The next day, the two CEOs finally meet in Cheongliang. Jay's father compliments Crystal's father on how fast he is climbing up the ranks, and warns him not to get greedy. He implies that he suspects the other CEO is using children to collect money for him, and that he will expose him one day. Crystal's father realizes that the crew business is becoming dangerous for him, and is thinking of stopping it. He comes across Johan waiting for him in the alleyway.
He asks if Johan knows him and Johan stammers out his request. The CEO ignores him and turns to his men, telling them that this is the reason why the crew business was too messy and dangerous for him to continue. He tells
Goo
to take care of this mess and the latter kicks Johan's backpack, scattering his money all over the alley.
Goo tells Johan he cannot be seen with the CEO, and that he is naïve for trying to negotiate with him. Johan is enraged that Goo stepped on his money and orders him to pick him up. Goo is surprised that Johan would have the guts to challenge him, then notices that Johan's aura has changed and he looks deadlier than he used to.
Notes
Gallery
MC Pesticides asking about Vin
MC Rice Bag after throwing Zack
Daniel in the One Night arc
Zack, Daniel & Jay
Mary arrives
Vasco leaves
Charles & Steve shaking hands
Steve taunting Charles
Goo stopping Johan
Johan's copycat ability
Johan's copycat ability (Close-Up)
References
Navigation