Episode 112: Why isn't Daniel Losing Weight?
is the 112 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Jiho Park
Seonhui Park
(Flashback)
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Summary
Vasco
realizes that, even though original
Daniel
had persevered in exercising for 3 months already, he wasn't getting any thinner. So he's determined to find out why. That day, Vasco followed Daniel to the convenience store.
When a customer began to berate Daniel for not heating up the food and was acting really confrontational, Vasco told him to heat it himself, and that store employees are still people. Daniel tries to get Vasco to stop because the customer is known for his bad temper, but, instead, the customer apologizes meekly.
Later, when a middle-aged looking woman comes over to buy alcohol, Vasco asks for her identification. Angered, she asks how old they were to be ordering her around. Vasco replies he's 16. Daniel tries to explain that the lady has bought alcohol every day already, but, instead, the woman apologizes and calls Vasco "oppa," showing that she was actually younger than them.
When nobody was coming, Daniel began to exercise during the break. Vasco watches him, wondering why he wasn't losing any weight even though he was so diligent. Suddenly, Daniel sits down, saying he's very tired so he should replenish his energy. He starts wolfing down a hamburger. Vasco realizes the reason why Daniel can't lose any weight is because he's eating so much and orders that Daniel goes on a diet. Daniel can't stand it, and starts wondering why his other body wasn't getting fat even though they both eat the same amount. All of a sudden, he realizes the fifth truth: his other body's shape can't change.
The next day, at the cafeteria, Daniel heaps food onto his plate and wolfs it all down. Girls, seeing him, giggles and says he eats like a man. However, when Ji Ho tries to do the same thing, they call him uncivilized and dirty instead.
However, at night, Daniel realizes that, no matter how much his new body eats, his original body is still very hungry. When he goes training with Vasco in the morning, he feels weak and hungry. He takes out a banana that he had saved from before, but Vasco snatches it away, saying that he shouldn't eat it. Daniel starts to cry, and, when Vasco takes a large bite of the banana, something breaks within Daniel because, whenever Daniel is very hungry, he would lose control. He rushes at Vasco, arms flailing. Vasco tries to tell him to calm down a little, but Daniel punches him hard, and Vasco is only barely able to block it.
Notes
Despite Daniel exercising every day, he still hasn't managed to lose weight. Vasco has some doubts. But In later Episodes he loses his weight.
It is the first episode in the english translation to get a name.
Gallery
Daniel & Jiho in the tittle card
Daniel's reason for not skipping meals
Vasco helping Daniel
References
Navigation