Ep. 113: Stalker (01)
is the 113 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
DG
Euntae Lee
Heemin Kim
Seungpyo (Child)
Stalker Girl
Groups/Organizations:
PTJ Entertainment
Summary
After
Daniel
punched him,
Vasco
, frantic, gets into a fighting stance, trying to tell Daniel to calm down. As Daniel lunges to punch Vasco he hits Daniel in the neck, rendering him unconscious.
Daniel wakes up in his new body, embarrassed that he had acted the way he did. He realizes that he had completely lost control and puts on his jacket to go and find Vasco and his unconscious other body. However, just as he tries to call Vasco, he sees his vision blurring again.
It turns out that Vasco, had woken him up by sticking the banana in his mouth. Apologizing and crying, he promises that Daniel can eat the banana. Daniel, realizing that his other body was now lying unconscious somewhere, tries to tell Vasco not to wake him up, only to feel himself losing consciousness again.
Daniel wakes up in his new body to see
a girl
above him, trying to wake him up. She asks if he's alright and apologizes, saying that she saw him suddenly faint. Daniel wonders if there had been someone there earlier, but thinks nothing of it. Thinking he must have scared her, he reassures her that he's fine and thanks her. The girl suddenly retreats, apologizing for touching him, and Daniel, thinking she must be very introverted, says she shouldn't apologize and if anything he should thank her for helping him.
At that moment, Vasco rushes over crying with original Daniel on his back. He explains that he called the emergency number 102 but nobody picked up. Daniel tells him it's 120, but secretly feels relieved that it was Vasco to find his body, because he couldn't remember the number to call the ambulance. Meanwhile, the girl thinks that Daniel has fallen in love with her and that, this time, her love wasn't one side. At the same time, she picks up the key to Daniel's room that Daniel had accidentally left behind.
In a flashback, the girl remembers her backstory. She used to have a crush on a boy called
Heemin
, but he rejected her because she was ugly. In school when she was older people would gossip about her, saying she's gloomy and that they're unlucky because they have to work in the same group with her for a project. Even now her neighbors would still gossip about her, going so far as to say that she should leave because she was bringing down the house prices. She would scratch at her arm, thinking that nobody loves her that she was very lonely.
The scene then cuts to PTJ's CEO
DG
.
Crystal
asks DG what he's plotting with her dad because her dad doesn't tell her anything. She congratulates him because he's looked happier after becoming the CEO, but he says that his good mood isn't because of his job but because his stalker finally stopped contacting him.
Daniel is working in the convenience store while a storm is going on. He thinks to himself that it would be terrible if he had lost his key in this weather, so it's lucky that he found the key outside his front door. Meanwhile, his new body sleeps at home. As the thunder rolls, the girl he had met that morning crouches in front of him, grinning.
Notes
Gallery
Stalker Girl wakes Daniel up
Heemin & Seungpyo disgusted
DG afraid
Crystal questions DG
Stalker girl looking at sleeping Daniel
Vasco waking Dnaiel up
References
Navigation