Ep. 258: One Night (1)
is the 258 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Charles Choi
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
Jay Hong
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Johan Seong
Joy Hong
Matt Kang
Mira Kim
Seth Lee
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
Hostel A Cheonliang Branch
Summary
The leader of the train perverts say joe mira to swing at
Daniel
but he catches all his punches. Embarrassed, he continues to fight him until
Crystal
knocks him out. She notices that the two Daniels were present at the same time and becomes suspicious of him.
In a restaurant
Jace
is seated with the Hostel girl, and
Johan
is seated at a further table watching them. Jace is upset at the girl, but comforts her when she begins to cry. They are interrupted by
Seth Lee
, who comes to take the girl away. Jace is conflicted about whether to pursue her, because he is alone in this new town.
Jace buys Johan food and tries to convince him to help destroy the Cheongliang branch. Johan is not listening because he came to watch the news. He rejects Jace's offer because he resembles
Jin Jang
, and leaves without paying the bill. Jace is about to give up on the girl when the cashier mentions the sad state of the girls who are used by
Hostel
. Meanwhile, on the beach, Daniel and his friends are having fun and he is thankful for not having to fight.
At night Jace finally decides to pursue the girl, lamenting that he is a romantic. He has beaten some Hostel members and is cornered into an alleyway. They decide to attack him but they are beaten by Johan. Jace reveals that a while after they met at the restaurant Johan reconsidered and decided to help Jace. The terms of the agreement are written in a contract under the title "One Night", with the following conditions:
Johan will help Jace for 12 hours
Jace will pay the bill Olly left for Johan.
Jace is the leader of this mission
Notes
Gallery
Crystal clenching her fist
Matt vs Crystal
The gang arrive safely
Hostel girl helps Jace
Vasco adopted by bears
Charles on TV
Zoe, Crystal & Joy on a beach
Zack, Daniel & Jay on a beach
Johan vs Hostel A Cheonliang Branch
References
Navigation