Ep. 331: Workers (3 Affiliates) (2)
is the 331 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Arin
Daniel Park
Doo Lee
Eli Jang
Euntae Lee
Huseong Ha
Jake Kim
Jerry Kwon
Johan Seong
Lineman
Taegon Wi
Vivi
Xiaolong
Yenna Jang
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Hostel
Workers: Club Vivi
Summary
The suited up worker is about to spill acid on Daniel when he trips and spills it on the ground. The bodyguards ask what he is doing and he bodies them while Daniel uses Sophia's bone squeeze escape technique to run out of the room. The worker removes his mask and reveals that he is Doo Lee, and he wanted to repay Daniel for the troubles he gave him at the convenience store.
Zack, Vasco and Eli are fighting Johan and they are all having a difficult time. The two of them grab Johan's legs and tell Eli to go ahead without them. When he disappears inside, Zack tells Vasco that he should go as well to help save people, although he is not sure if he can beat Johan.
Xiaolong tells a hotel couple to stay inside since there is a disturbance in the hotel. He is surprised that Daniel turned out to be one of the intruders, and he wonders if there are others working with him. Huseong hits Daniel out from the bathroom and prepares to kill him. Lineman steps out from his hiding place and tells Huseong to leave Daniel alone since he's just a kid. He tells Daniel to run and that he'll be fine, since he is a member of Big Deal, despite being afraid himself.
Eli Jang walks through the kitchen when he is attacked by Taegon Wi. He draws his weapon, but then realizes he brought Yenna's toy wand instead of his baton.
Notes
Gallery
Workers employee going to pour acid on Daniel
Doo reveal
Vivi's bodyguards walking towards Doo
Doo stopping bodyguards
Vivi angry
Daniel running
Johan hits Zack severely
Vasco and Zack corner Johan
Johan dodges Vasco and Zack
Eli worries about Vasco and Zack
Xiaolong stopping a customer
Big Deal looking for Executives
Lineman finds Huseong
Lineman fixing his hair
Taegon complements Eli's reputation
Yenna playing with Eli's weapon
Eli mistakes his retractable staff for Yenna's toy wand
Eli provokes Taegon Wi
References
Navigation