Ep. 256: Hostel Branch (2)
is the 256 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Chuck Kwak
Crystal Choi
Cult Leader
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Heemin Kim
(Flashback)
Jace Park
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Johan Seong
Joy Hong
Justin Peng
Logan Lee
(Flashback)
Matt Kang
Mira Kim
Seth Lee
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
(Flashback)
Hostel A
Train perverts
Summary
Members of Hostel A muse about the girl with the 'h' tattoo.
Seth Lee
, the head of the Cheongliang branch has just been inducted into Hostel by beating Chuck Kwak. He asks if she is experienced and
Jasmine Huh
tells him that the girl will learn quickly because she is a runaway and desperate for a home. He wonders about the Cheongliang fam and is told that they will not interfere because they are just gangsters. They also tell him not to worry about
Burn Knuckles
, because there is no one smart enough to stop them.
Jace is talking to the girl with the tattoo and mentions that Hostel is in the region. He warns her to be careful, then tells her that she should keep the information secret, because no one knows it. A man in black is seated behind them and hears what they have said. It is revealed that the train perverts are headed to become a branch of Hostel in Cheongliang.
Since Vasco missed the train, the perverts decide to pursue the girls further. One of them smells
Joy's
hair, and in retaliation Zack decides to smell his hair. The man punches Zack and Daniel is concerned for him. He tells Daniel not to worry, that he won't fight because he doesn't want to ruin
Mira's
vacation. He makes Daniel promise to shave his hair if he fights. The perverts laugh and one of them hits Zack, but he takes it and decides to hold back.
Back on the train the boys see the girls being harassed by the gangsters. One of the perverts pours soda on Mira and uses it as an excuse to touch her thighs. Zack places his own thigh there and tells Daniel to get him a razor, as he intends to fight.
Notes
Gallery
Seth eating
Justin eating
James asleep
Seth vs Chuck
Vasco lost
Jace with a girl
Johan on the train
Zack's flashback
Matt taunting Zack
Daniel & Zack
Girls being bothered
References
Navigation