Ep. 362: One Night (3)
is the 363 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Channing Choi
Daniel Park
Darius Hong
DG
Eli Jang
Euntae Lee
Gun Park
(Flashback)
Hudson Ahn
Jace Park
Jacky Lee
(Flashback)
Mandeok Bang
(Flashback)
Samuel Seo
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Ansan Public
Backdoor
James Lee Crew
Summary
Eli
smashes
DG's
helmet and tries to stab him with one of the shards. DG dodges and tells Eli he isn't looking for a fight. He whispers something to him and Eli wonders what to do.
Zack
wakes up in despair that he could not protect anyone. He sees Vasco standing over him, holding the couple's tracker. He is staring at
Jace
, who
Channing
tattoed
Ansan's
name on after stripping him to his boxers. Vasco cries tears of blood, and he remembers Jace saying extreme anger can lead to a person doing that.
Darius
is making Daniel feel uncomfortable during his interview. Daniel stands up and asks where to see the boss instead, and Darius reveals he knows who Daniel is, and that his gang had prepared for them. Daniel punches Darius and rushes to the door, but
Hudson
appears and punches him back. He asks if Hudson is from Ansan, and he admits it. Hudson's punches are powerful enough to create holes in the wall. Daniel thinks it is kyoukoshin karate, but Hudson says it is just training. With Daniel cornered, he starts whaling on him, preparing to use his right fist. Daniel hits Hudson back and steps on Darius's face to launch a kick, but Darius grabs his ankle and Hudson punches him in the stomach. Daniel is incapacitated, and Hudson leaves Darius to do what he wants to Daniel's body. Before he can do anything, Daniel gets up and attacks him.
Samuel
explains elsewhere that the heated mode that arises during fighting is caused by inferior emotions that escalate into madness.
Notes
Gallery
Eli attacks DG
DG whispers to Eli
DG riding
Zack's flashback
Vasco appears at the bar
Jace's body
Channing playing
Vasco crying tears of blood
Story Flashback
Daniel tries to guess that Hudson's fighting style is Kyokushin Karate
Daniel's flashback
Hudson's fist power
Daniel uses Kyokushin Karate in Hudson
Daniel readies a kick
Hudson Ahn defeats Daniel Park
Samuel explaining
Daniel using heat mode for the first time
Daniel vs Backdoor
References
Navigation