Ep. 372: Workers (2nd Affiliate) (1)
is the 372 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Enu
Eugene
Jiho Park
(Picture)
Mary Kim
Mitsuki Soma
Senior Manager Kim
Sinu Han
Vin Jin
Warren Chae
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Workers 2nd Affiliation
Summary
A month after
Jiho Park's death
,
Daniel Park
continues to work for the
Workers
,
Zack Lee
approaches him to let him know that people are worried about whatever he is up to with the Workers. At the end of class, Daniel goes with
Eugene
to a limousine.
Daniel asks Eugene when he will go to the 2nd affiliate, Eugene soon replies that he will visit the affiliate now, Eugene asks Daniel a question about which place can reveal the dark side of the human being, Eugene soon replies that no there's no right answer, but he believes that's where they are: a casino,
Lucky Casino
, the 2nd affiliate of the Workers.
Daniel gets excited and accidentally shouts with joy telling Eugene that he will expose the affiliate, but Eugene responds, saying that a casino for foreigners is allowed by the government, since the objective may be the acquisition of foreign currency, like the Seven Luck Casino or Paradise Casino, so Eugene shows Daniel Park that there are no illegalities in the affiliate, which affects Eugene's trust in Daniel Park.
Upon returning home, Daniel realizes and regrets his emotional attitude, and thinks how he could do to get into the 2nd affiliate now, he can think of a method to get into it again.
Then we see
Mary Kim
climbing a huge ladder to find
Vin Jin
, who was pulling trees out of the ground as a form of "training" Vin Jin says that he has returned to his prime, and that he will go after everyone who underestimated him, including
Daniel Park
.
Soon after, we see
Warren Chae
in a small boat, with
Manager Kim
on an island, he seems to have just left a training session with the manager.
In the end, Eugene goes to visit the dark side of the 2nd affiliate and meets with CEO
Mitsuki Soma
, who takes him to see the end of the Circus (the true illegality of the affiliate), he sees
a man with a mask of a dog
, this man has just easily beaten several other men in orange clothes, so he introduces himself to
Eugene
as "chairman".
Notes
Gallery
Daniel's flashback
Zack questions Daniel
Daniel lying on himself
Vin's training ground
Warren training with Manager Kim
Manager Kim training Warren
Lucky Cassino
Eugene in 2nd Affiliation
Neko greets Eugene
Neko close up
Shiba after a fight
Shiba sees Eugene
References
Navigation