Episode 1
is the 1st episode of Lookism.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Hyeji Choi
Logan Lee
Mae Kim
Panjun Kim
Seonhui Park
Groups/Organizations:
Daniel's Unnamed Former School
Summary
Smoking in the boy's bathroom,
Logan
and
Hyeji
remark how smelly it is before insulting one another. Annoyed, Logan focuses his attention on
Daniel
and orders him to stop any teachers from coming in. Soaked in fear, Daniel keeps quiet which unintentionally irritates Logan instead. Logan then proceeds to put his feet against Daniel's face, all the while ordering him to make various animal noises before his smashing his face onto a urinal.
Daniel is fat and poor, so Logan likes to pick on him. He frequently physically assaults him and takes his property by force. He also makes him do degrading acts like pretending to be an animal and being his personal ashtray. In addition to the degradation, he makes him do it in public, making him feel more pathetic and tormented as well. Logan's friend,
Panjun Kim
also joins in the bullying of Daniel Park. In the episode, Daniel is made to crawl from one classroom to another to give a flower to Hyeji Choi for their 100th day anniversary. Hyeji Choi pities Daniel for being bullied and angered for not standing up for himself. Daniel puts up with the abuse because he doesn't want to make things worse for himself. He takes his aggression out on his
mother
, who doesn't know he is being bullied.
Seeing her son's aggression, Daniel's mother meets up with his teacher but is told that Daniel couldn't transfer schools due to his grades and transferring schools costing a lot of money (humiliating Daniel's mom due to her being poor).
One day at school Logan places a bet that Daniel cannot avoid his shot but he does. He bets that Daniel can dodge
Mae Kim's
shot, and Daniel couldn't dodge it. Logan begins beating up Daniel for not following the order he gave and making him lose the bet, and
Daniel's mother
witnesses this and approaches the bullies angered.
Gallery
Daniel pikachu 1
Daniel pikachu 2
Logan Smoking
Logan smoking (white background)
Logan smoking (White background, close-up)
Logan smoking in the bathroom
Daniel's bullies
Logan get's ready to punch Daniel
Hyeji's Boyfriend talking about Daniel being Ko'ed by Logan
Hyeji lying on table's
Daniel asking to transfer
Daniel raging at his mom
Mae get's ready to shoot
Daniel's mother trying to transfer him
Notes
Logan's gum gum pistol is a move used in
One Piece
[
1
]
Daniel pretends to be Pikachu, a type of Pokemon
[
2
]
References
↑
Gomu Gomu no Pistol
↑
Pokemon, Pikachu