Ep. 239: Eli Jang (8)
is the 239 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Darius Hong
Derrick Jo
Eli Jang
Gun Park
Heather
Johan Seong
Max Kang
Olly Wang
Ryan the Cat
Sally Park
Warren Chae
Groups/Organizations:
Backdoor
Hostel
Summary
Eli Jang begins fighting Darius, but is overwhelmed by his strength. Darius doesn't take the fight seriously, and flirts with Eli as he beats him to a pulp. When Eli bites him he gets pissed off and throws him to the ground. Eli takes the opportunity to grab Darius by the necklace and choke him until he passes out. Back at the building Warren has beaten all the Backdoor members, and lays on the ground bloodied. He tells Sally not to worry, and Max and Derrick grumble that he cannot do anything without them.
The girls clean the boys' wounds and Warren complains that Sally sounds like a mother when she nags them. He then suggests that they become a family, since they have nobody else to take care of them. He proposes he will be the brother, and Eli proposes to be the dad, with Max and Derrick as brothers and Sally as the mother. Eli chooses the name 'Hostel' for their family, an acronym of their first letters of their names. Olly is upset that he isn't a member of
Hostel
, and Eli explains that unlike them, Olly and Heather have families.
Elsewhere
Gun
is upset that Backdoor was defeated so easily by Warren Chae. He disqualifies Backdoor as one of the four crews, and asks about Hostel.
Johan
tells Gun to forget about Hostel, and to give Gangdong to him if he can beat Eli Jang.
Notes
Gallery
Eli getting beaten up and bleeding profusely out of his nose
Eli grabbing Darius from behind
Darius looking at Eli
Darius hugs Eli
Eli getting beat up and telling Darius that He shouldn't wear a necklace during fighting
Eli after winning a fight with Darius Hong
Warren vs Backdoor
Eli, choosing the name for “Hostel” gotten from “H“ out of his stitches 1
Eli, choosing the name for “Hostel” gotten from “H“ out of his stitches 2
Hostel eating with Olly in background
Ryan waving Olly to come over
Younger Gun
Johan
References
Navigation