Ep. 319: Workers (3 Affiliates) (Prologue)
is the 319 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Daniel Park
Eugene
Huseong Ha
Hwang Ho
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Johan Seong
Lineman
Sinu Han
(Flashback)
Sophia Alexander
Sowol Jin
Steve Hong
Taegon Wi
Tom Lee
Vivi
Warren Chae
(Flashback)
Xiaolong
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
H Group
Workers: 3rd Affiliation
Summary
Jake Kim announces to Big Deal that he is forming an alliance with the Workers. He tells them that they need to ally with the Workers in order to defeat Gun, but he hides the fact that Sinu did not betray Big Deal. He changes into a new outfit to infiltrate the Workers by himself.
Daniel tells Steve Hong that Gun and Goo are the two responsible for forming the four major crews, and that the four crews are comprised of minors. Hong offers Daniel an alliance to defeat the crews by offering him money, but Daniel is skeptical and refuses him. Then Hong offers him the chance to change his life, and the location of the third affiliate: Club Vivi. Daniel dresses up using Jay's clothing to enter the club, but he is rejected due to his looks. As he sits with the other rejected members of the club, they see Xialong carrying Vivi into the club, with the guards bowing before them. Daniel recognizes that the guards are wearing gold badges of the Workers. He returns to tell Hong that he was blocked from entering due to discrimination. Hong tells Sophia to make Daniel lose 90lbs by any means possible.
Tom Lee enters a bar to speak with the chairman of Workers, who is calling from a cell phone elsewhere. The chairman tells him to send his men back to the Workers, and Tom says his company only works for payment, mentioning Choi's offer of a new building. The chairman offers him even more money than Choi, so Tom decides to send an intern (Johan Seong) to the third affiliate.
Notes
Gallery
Big Deal Executives
Jake's flashback
Sophia stopping Daniel
Steve smiling
Entrance of Club Vivi
Daniel in front of Club Vivi
Daniel's flashback
Workers 3rd Affiliation
Vivi carried
Eugene talking to Tom
Jake undercover
Johan working
References
Navigation