Ep. 179: Vasco's Blind Date (2/2)
is the 179 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Damon Goh
Euntae Lee
Ira Oh
Jace Park
Jay Hong
Jimmy Wang
Leonn Lee
Mason Hwang
Sarah
Seongryong Choi
Woong Dae
Zack Lee
(Flashback)
Groups/Organizations:
Burn Knuckles
J High School
Summary
Jay worked very hard to change Vasco's appearance, giving him nice clothing and fixing his hair. As Vasco approaches the girl he does Zack's wall trick, but there is no wall, which confuses the girl. He takes her to a fish store which serves disgusting food, but she tries to be polite to him. As Vasco remembers Jace's advice, he holds the girl's hair up as she is eating food. Leonn laughs at Vasco's idiocy and Jace is horrified.
The girl runs off in tears and almost trips when Vasco catches her. He tells her he is sorry for being a terrible date, and that he is only inexperienced. The girl falls for his kindness and decides to give him another chance. Jace is happy to hear it but Leonn is not. She kicks him and walks away, and Jace suspects she has a crush on Vasco.
Near the Han river Leonn skips stones, upset that Vasco's date is going so well. Vasco appears with the fireworks and asks if he is late to the event. Leonn is surprised that he remembered, and Vasco tells her he left his date because the Burn Knuckles are more important to him than love. She chases him with the firecracker and laughs at his stupidity.
Cookie 1
Vasco explains to the girl that he cannot date her because he wants to raise a kangaroo. He leaves her to go to the Burn Knuckles, and Jace is confused.
Cookie 2
The girl visits J high to find Vasco. She is shocked to see his actual appearance and doesn't believe it. When she runs into Leonn she mistakes her for a boy and falls for her, but is rejected immediately.
Cookie 3
The Burn Knuckles are celebrating Vasco's success by setting up a venue on how to date girls. Onlookers warn girls to stay away from the Burn Knuckles.
Notes
Gallery
Jace & Leonn shocked by Vasco's appearance
7 Meisters minus Jace
Jace getting hit by Leonn
Jay tired
Sarah blushing at wet Vasco
Vasco's flashback
References
Navigation