Ep. 119: Stalker (07)
is the 119 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Boseong Kim
Crystal Choi
Daniel Park
Jay Hong
(Flashback)
Stalker Girl
Groups/Organizations:
Beosong Kim Restaurant
Summary
The stalker girl appears behind Crystal, and tasers her, believing she is there to seduce Daniel. She ties her up in a chair next to Daniel, saying that they should settle this dispute between themselves before “her husband” wakes up. Crystal then says that she knows the stalker, because she was also DG's stalker. The stalker asks if Crystal is talking about her ex-boyfriend, and says that she seems to have an interest in all of the stalker's past boyfriends. She continues to say that Crystal can have DG because she is already married now. The stalker's wearing a headdress, a white dress, and holding flowers, but Crystal realizes that the headdress is actually lace underwear and the stalker’d made the wedding dress herself.
Crystal asks her if she knows what she's doing. After all, she'd already kidnapped 3 people already. The stalker laughs and tells Crystal how she'd always been discriminated against because of her looks, but immediately starts talking about how a pig (original Daniel) would dare to sleep in her spot without even realizing how unfit he is. Crystal points out this discrepancy, telling the stalker that, even though she blames society's lookism, she herself is only attracted to handsome guys. Angered, the stalker lunges forward to taser her, only for original Daniel to walk in through the door.
In a flashback, original Daniel had continued to call the noodle restaurant, telling the owner that he was trying to help a friend who was in danger. The owner, hearing that he was trying to help a friend, changes his mind about the matter extremely quickly and tells Daniel the address. To his surprise, it turned out to be his home.
The stalker asks how he changed bodies when she hadn't slapped him, and Crystal is surprised to hear this. Daniel wants to use his strength to defeat the stalker, but the stalker throws a candle at him, and, when he's dodging the candle she tasers him. He falls unconscious and wakes up in his new body. Meanwhile, Crystal starts crying for the stalker to stop hurting original Daniel while the stalker continues to electrocute his unconscious body. She calls the girl a stalker, and the stalker tries to taser her but Daniel takes the hit, telling her not to hurt Crystal. The stalker begins to hit Daniel repeatedly until he is covered with blood.
She then tells him he should apologize, because then she'll forgive him, but she doesn't know he is only buying time for Crystal to escape while handing her Jay's utility knife. However, even though Crystal's hand was on the door knob, she hesitates to leave him behind.
Notes
Gallery
Stalker Girl getting ready for marriage
Crystal tied up beside Daniel
Daniel getting injured by Stalker Girl
Boseong questions Daniel
Daniel's flashback
References
Navigation