Ep. 318: Jake Kim (Epilogue)
is the 318 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Brad Lee
Charles Choi
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
Enu
Eugene
(Silhoutte)
Goo Kim
(Silhoutte)
Gun Park
(Silhoutte)
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Samuel Seo
Sophia Alexander
Steve Hong
Vivi
(Silhoutte)
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
H Group
Workers
Workers: 3rd Affiliation
Summary
Samuel Seo, now promoted to the rank of President of the Fourth Affiliate of Workers, stops Jake and the rest of Big Deal as they are headed to confront Workers. The current generation of Big Deal members reveal that he is still renown for outsmarted Gun and Goo back when he was still a member. Samuel and Jake engage in witty banter as Samuel suggests they abandon their ideology of passion and join Workers and tells Jake to start working smarter rather than harder. The two continue to converse casually as they engage in a violent exchange of fists. Samuel claims that it is ridiculous to even consider attacking Workers, as that will only help Gun. He then asserts that the Big Four Crews were created as a means to an end, simply to provide the funds for someone's business. Now that someone wants the crews to disappear as they have begun to attract too much attention to themselves, mostly due to Daniel's movements against the crews. Samuel postulates that Gun has received an order to wipe out the crews, especially Workers, since they are aware of the only weakness of "that mysterious person", presumably Charles Choi. Samuel Seo then offers an alliance with Big Deal. Jake then moves towards the car, asserting that he should finally be able to meet the elusive head of Workers if he is here to form an alliance, and the shadowed face of the head is revealed within the car as Jake Kim peers through the open window.
Daniel Park is doing better for himself as he has continued to stream with Kwitch. His self-esteem is higher and his living conditions have improved. As he is streaming within his home, he absentmindedly asks his viewers if they have heard anything about the four major something, eluding to the Big Four Crews. As he ponders when he will finally get rid of the crews, the Chairman of H Group, Jay's dad, and his subordinates approach his neighborhood.
Notes
Gallery
Big Deal
Samuel as president of 4 affiliale
Samuel offers to join the Workers
Samuel offers to join the Workers (Close Up)
Worker's President
Enu sleeping during Livestream
Steve talking about Charles bodyguards
Sophia knocks Daniel out
Alexander at Vivi's club
Club Vivi
References
Navigation