Ep. 261: One Night (4)
is the 261 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brekdak
Charles Choi
Chuck Kwak
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Goo Kim
(Flashback)
Gun Park
(Flashback)
Jace Park
Jay Hong
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Johan Seong
Johan's mother
(Flashback)
Justin Peng
Loyalty
Mary Kim
MC Pesticides
MC Rice Bag
Partnership
Seth Lee
Vin Jin
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
Hostel A Cheonliang Branch
Summary
Jace is confused as to how Johan will fight like Vasco. Seth is unimpressed by Johan and challenges him to a thumb war. He is known in his region as a thumb crusher with tremendous strength, and Johan looks fragile enough to break. However, Johan is stronger than Seth thinks, so Seth decides to fight him. Johan endures his hits and knocks him out, saying the only reason he doesn't fight like Vasco is that he doesn't his style. Jace realizes how much stronger Johan has become, and Johan commands Seth's underlings to help Jace up.
In the gambling house, the uncles are warned that Jace is on his way. They are unconcerned, as they just defeated the entire gambling house. They say that they can take anyone on with their skills, even if it is Vasco. As Jace and Johan make their way, Jace tries to warn Johan of the skills of the uncles. Johan isn't paying attention, causing Jace to be worried.
As they enter the building the men are frozen in their places, out of fear of Johan. He realizes how much he underestimated the reputation that Johan has built during his
God Dog
years. He walks the girl out of the room and into the arms of Jace. He thanks Johan and asks him to help beat up the duo, but he refuses because his contract is over. Jace wonders what Johan's true motives were as he disappears again.
The next day is the day of the meeting between the CEOs of HNH and H groups. As
the CEO of HNH group
makes his way down the road, Johan waits for him in an alley. He knows the CEO has the means to cure his mother, and Johan has all the money. He waits until the man approaches and greets him nervously.
The night before, Daniel and the others have made peace with the Cheongliang fam and they are sitting at a bonfire together. Zack mentions that their shades remind him of
Vin
, and the Cheongliang fam are suddenly alert. Elsewhere, Vin and
Mary
are reminiscing about the Cheongliang fam. Mary is excited to meet them, but Vin has a bad feeling. It is proven to be correct when the Cheongliang fam attack Daniel's friends.
Notes
Gallery
Partnership & Loyallty making excuses
Seth smiling
Chuck & Justin ready to fight
Chuck & Justin ready to fight (Close-up)
Justin & Chuck waiting
Johan fulfills the deal
Vasco training with Brekdak
Charles leaving airport
Johan's flashback 1
Johan's flashback 2
Johan's flashback 3
First appearance of the Cheongliang Fam
Mary & Vin arrive
J High vs Cheongliang Fam
References
Navigation