Ep. 315: Jake Kim (14)
is the 315 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Alexander Hwang
Brad Lee
Eden
Goo Kim
Gun Park
Gyojin Lim
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
Johan Seong
Old Face
(Flashback)
Olly Wang
Samuel Seo
Sinu Han
Yeonhui
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
God Dog
Hostel A
Workers
Summary
Jake is preparing to leave Big Deal when Yeonhui gives him a recording Sinu made and never uploaded. Jake learned about the plan to gain enough money, and that Sinu expects him to defeat Gun and Goo in his place. At the monthly deposit, Gun asks Jake if he will be able to buy Sinu back, given his cost of $5 billion won. Jake tells him to be quieter, because nobody knows of this except himself and the storeowners. The storeowners offer to help buy Sinu, but Jake refuses because they are like family to Sinu. Jake hears about a gambling scheme being held in Seoul, and he begrudgingly decides to accept the position.
Samuel is also trying to get stronger to defeat Jake. He begs Gun to give him a second chance to be his successor, and Gun tells him to make a name for himself with his Gangseo Union. Samuel decides to weed out his weaker members by beating them, hoping that Gun would be impressed by his smaller, stronger team. Gun is disgusted by his actions and beats Samuel, telling him that he still hasn't learned why he was disqualified in the first place. The Gangseo Union abandon Samuel, and he is confused as to why he wasn't accepted.
Samuel hunts down Johan to ask him why he wasn't accepted, but Johan tells him to get lost. Jake and Olly also arrive, and both are surprised to see Samuel there. Apparently Gun summoned the crew leaders to see who is the strongest of them all.
Notes
Gallery
Yeonhui meeting Jake
Yeonhui listening to Jake
Jake becomes leader
Jake talling everyone he'll make money
No. 8
Gun's flashback
Goo & Gun partying
Samuel's goons running away
Gun after beating Samuel
Gun after beating Samuel (Transparent)
Alexander worried for Samuel
Eden barking
Battle Royal
References
Navigation