Ep. 359: James Lee (End)
is the 359 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Baekho Kwon
(Flashback)
Channing Choi
Charles Choi
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
Darius Hong
Derrick Jo
DG
Doo Lee
(Flashback)
Duke Pyeon
(Flashback)
Eli Jang
Ethan Hwang
Eugene
Gapryong Kim
(Flashback)
Goo Kim
(Flashback)
Hudson Ahn
Jacky Lee
James Gong
(Flashback)
Jay Hong
(Flashback)
Jiho Park
Jinyoung Park
(Flashback)
Max Kang
Tom Lee
(Flashback)
Warren Chae
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
(Flashback)
Groups/Organizations:
1st Generation
Ansan Public
Backdoor
Gapryong's Fist
Hostel
J High School
James Lee Crew
Summary
Daniel
asks how he knows about the two bodies, and
DG
tells he's known since the beginning. He then says he will tell Daniel both things eventually, but to pick what is most important to his goals now. Daniel decides to learn about
James Lee
.
DG tells him about the History of Fists. The 0th generation were the generation of fists. They were headed by
Gapryong Kim
, who was known as the "Legendary Fist". The crews at this time were called "fists", and the crew heads were called "bosses", and some of them DG claims Daniel might have known and met in person. When Gapryong became interested in politics most of his organization dissolved, although his ventures were unsuccessful. His followers became greedy and started the second generation, the generation of circles, or the generation of war. The older gangsters recruited students to fight their battles, and those students were called "circles". This time period was very bloody and violent, and it was ended by James Lee. He destroyed the conflict but then disappeared after completing his goal, leaving a lot of members of the first generation searching for him. James Lee then reappeared in Seoul as one of
Charles Choi's
geniuses
, and helped create the four big crews. He changed his face and mannerisms so people would not be able to find him. After explaining this, DG tells Daniel he is in danger because he is using James Lee's discarded identity, and the first generation will likely target him.
After announcing himself,
Channing
picks up
Jiho
and threatens to draw on him, and Jiho threatens to stab his eye with a toothpick.
Jacky
calms them down and Jiho tells
Ansan Publi
c that they need to stop pretending they care about James Lee, when they're only using his name as a reason to advance into Seoul territory.
Hudson
gives Jiho a score of 100 points and decides to listen to his offer. Jiho says he wants to start a crew called "James Lee". He can fill the members with
Backdoor
if Ansan will take care of the finances. Ansan reveals they want to start a private bar recruiting runaway kids from Gangdong. Channing will take care of the police and Jacky will take care of the workers. Jiho accepts and the James Lee crew is formed.
At
J High
, the students are discussing the news that Jiho was in an accident and escaped. Daniel and
Zack
talk about it when
Eli
comes in and annoucnes that Max and Derrick were attacked from James Lee, a guy who
Mr. Carpenter
knows well. Daniel mentions that Jiho might be involved in this matter, and Zack says if Jiho is involved, they also have to get involved.
Eugene
in his hot ride calls DG and tells him about the news, and how troublesome it would be for someone to start a James Lee crew. He asks if
Workers
should take care of it, and DG says he can take care of it, even though he has a flight in a couple of hours. Eugene is skeptical of his abilities since it has been a while, but says it should be fine because DG is James Lee after all.
Notes
Gallery
Gen 0
Gen 0 2
Gapryong running for elections
The circles of the 1st generation
James Lee looming over his enemies
Story flashback
DG telling Daniel he is a target
DG telling Daniel he is a target 2
James Lee Crew
Warren asking Uncles what happened
Zack's flashback
Trio fighting together
Daniel's flashback
DG putting his mask on
DG putting his mask on 2
References
Navigation