Ep. 324: One Night II (End)
is the 324 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brekdak
(Flashback)
Daniel Park
DJ Chaerin
Eugene
(Silhoutte)
Euntae Lee
Gabriel Park
Hwang Ho
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Johan Seong
Sophia Alexander
Steve Hong
Vivi
Xiaolong
Groups/Organizations:
Workers: Club Vivi
Summary
Xiaolong reveals that he gave this test to Johan and Jake believing they would lose to Vasco. He does not trust the White Tiger Company, because the
chairman of the Workers
is using them to spy on the third affiliate, and he does not want any of his men in the club. Johan is fighting well using his taekwondo. Jake remembers a time he and
Jason Yoon
ate together, and Jason mentioning wanting to fight a powerful taekwondo fighter from Gangbuk, a guy whose moves resemble Johan's. Jake is surprised at how much stronger Johan has become, and becomes more resolved to get the position.
Johan asks Vasco why he isn't fighting back, and Vasco says he has been fighting back. Vasco recalls Brekdak telling him the past that if he ever comes across a genius fighter, he should beat him before he has the chance to copy his attacks. He gears up to use Brekdak's 10th Forbidden Skill and Johan readies a 1080 degree kick, but Jake grabs Johan by the leg and tells him that his 10 minutes are up. Johan asks if he can do as much in 10 minutes, and Jake says he can win in 10 seconds, giving Vasco his 500 won so he can leave. Johan is about to be fired but Vivi protests, saying Xiaolong is jealous of his looks. Xiaolong surprisingly allows Johan to stay with them, disappearing into an underground passage.
Steve Hong is impressed by Daniel's weight loss, and Sophia cries tears of joy now that Daniel has lost enough weight to go undercover.
Notes
Gallery
Vasco vs Gabriel
Jake & Johan vs Vasco
Hwang still knocked out
Eugene Silhoutte
Title Card
Jake & Jason eating
Brekdak giving advice
Vivi protects Johan from losing his bouncer job
Xiaolong entering
Xiaolong looking back
References
Navigation