Ep. 231: Runaway Fam (Epilogue)
is the 231 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Darius Hong
DG
Eli Jang
Goo Kim
Gun Park
Jake Kim
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jason Yoon
Jay Hong
Jiho Park
Johan Seong
Logan Lee
Mary Kim
Olly Wang
Sally Park
Steve Hong
Vin Jin
Warren Chae
Groups/Organizations:
Big Deal
J High School
Summary
Johan is the last one to leave the meeting and the waiter asks him how he is going to pay the bill. He realizes that Olly tricked him and left him with a bill of $1503.
Gun, Goo and
DG
meet each other in a sauna and chat for a while. When DG leaves, Gun asks Goo if he is there to meet his successor from the Workers. Goo tells him he came to meet a secret friend, that friend being Logan Lee. Logan thinks about Goo's proposal and tells him to fuck off. On a rooftop elsewhere, James and Jasmine spend the evening watching the stars.
Mary and Vin are walking away from the wreckage and discussing Mary's past when a hostel dad grabs Mary. She flips him with ease, and Vin reveals that Mary used to be a great judo wrestler in her middle school years, earning her the title "The Empress of Two Seconds". However she lost all that weight in high school, and quit for some strange reason.
Jay's father sits down with him at a restaurant and tells him off for going to fight Hostel alone. He tells his assistant to find out who is messing with minors in the crew business. In juvenile prison Big Deal celebrates Jake's birthday, but their mood is cut short when Darius Hong challenges Jake. Jake is disappointed when he gives up before fighting and tells Jiho to fight until the end. When Big Deal asks how he knows Jiho he says he didn't mean the advice for Jiho, but for himself.
At school Eli Jang is surrounded by the beauty department when they tell him there is someone to see him. He is hit in the face by Warren Chae and has a flashback to his previous life as a gangster.
Notes
Gallery
Johan shocked
Gun, Goo & DG in sauna
Logan
Jasmine & James on roof
Vin talks about the past
Mary throwing
Jay with his father
Jake's birthday
Jason & Brad apologizes to Jack
Darius picking a fight
Jiho
Sally waiting for Eli
Warren finds Eli
Olly gets beaten by Eli
References
Navigation