Ep. 265: Juvenile Prison Jiho Park (2)
is the 265 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Darius Hong
Ethan Hwang
Hyunwoo Kim
Jake Kim
Jason Yoon
Jerry Kwon
(Flashback)
Jiho Park
Lineman
(Flashback)
Riley Oh
Wally Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Juvenile Prison
Summary
Jason Yoon is saved from the saw by the juvenile prison guards. Mr. Kim watches as Jiho and Wally are taken into custody. He tries to convince one of the guards that Jiho was not to blame for the incident, but the guard does not buy it. He shows Mr. Kim photographs of Jiho's victims as evidence of his sadistic personality. The guard believes Jiho is pretending to be kind until a decision to release him is made, but Mr. Kim insists that he is innocent because his picture showed an unconscious desire for warmth.
In the prison yard Jiho is being beaten by Brad Lee as revenge for his attack on Jason Yoon. Brad describes to Jiho that what makes Big Deal great is its idealism. He tells Jiho off for his cruelty, but Jiho insists that the only way he can win is to fight savagely. Jake takes Jiho's side and allows him into Big Deal, kicking out Jason because he lost. Brad is sad that Jake is changing, and wonders what to tell Jerry.
In the cafeteria Mr. Kim sits down with Jiho and asks him to turn himself in. He mentions that Jiho used to be different in high school, and tells him he can change. Jiho tells Mr. Kim that he has left his old self behind and knocks him out with his food tray. Guards swarm in and Brad thinks it is over for Jiho, but the inmates confess to his crime instead of Jiho. Brad sees the dangerous level of influence Jiho had on the inmates and is afraid that Jiho will lead to the destruction of Big Deal.
Cookies
Cookie 1 occurs directly after Jiho knocks out Mr. Kim. As he stands over his body, he places the fidget spinner in his mouth and smiles that he completed the picture. The picture that Mr. Kim thought was of a house was actually a picture of himself with the spinner in his mouth, foreshadowing the violence Jiho had towards the counselor.
Cookie 2 is Jiho standing after having beaten a number of inmates. He kept the fidget spinner from Mr. Kim and affirms that he doesn't need to be strong, he just needs to win.
Cookie 3 is the guards deciding who to release. They decide between Jiho or Jake
Notes
Gallery
Brad holding his bitten ear
Brad's flashback
Jiho hitting Mr. Kim with metal lunch tray
Jiho leading
References
Navigation