Ep. 260: One Night (3)
is the 260 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brekdak
Brett Lee
Chuck Kwak
Daniel Park
Euntae Lee
Jace Park
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jin Jang
Johan Seong
Justin Peng
MC Pesticides
MC Rice Bag
Partnership
Seth Lee
Zack Lee
Zoe Park
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
Hostel A Cheonliang Branch
Summary
Jace tries to get Johan to calm down but the men snicker at him, causing him to snap and start attacking everyone. Jace gets the information from another Hostel member who tells him that the girl is actually at the gambling house. He is eager to tell Johan the news when he notices that Johan's hand was damaged from the fight. He remembers
Vasco
telling him a long time ago that he felt sorry for Johan because he was lonely. Jace offers Johan a bandage for his hands but Johan tosses it in the dirt, saying he doesn't need any help.
At
Jay's
beach house Zack is lighting a firecracker.
Zoe
complains and he throws a tantrum about being able to do it on his own. The sparks singe the clothes of the Cheongliang fam, who angrily ask them what they are going to do about burning their clothes. Daniel worries that they are going to finally get into a fight. Back at Hostel headquarters Seth Lee hears that Brett lost. Justin Peng and Chuck Kwak tell him not to worry because Jace is with Vasco, and Vasco is not as strong as Seth. They decide to meet them at the gambling house.
On the way there, Jace asks Johan how he managed to get so strong during his fights, and if he has any friends. Johan lists his dogs' names and asks Jace the same question. Jace mentions the Burn Knuckles and talks at length about Vasco and how he misses him. Johan becomes jealous of his admiration for Vasco and proceeds to show off his strength by beating the gatekeepers of the building, claiming that he is better than Vasco. Jace disagrees and calls his behavior childish. They argue until Jace is punched by Seth Lee, who asks if Johan is Vasco.
Jace is surprised at how powerful the shot was. Johan offers to help him up and Jace hands him the bandage, thinking that he, Johan and Vasco could have been good friends. He is attacked again by Seth, leaving Johan shocked. When Seth continues to confuse Johan for Vasco he puts on the bandage and copies Vasco's stance, saying he will show Seth what Vasco is really like.
Notes
Gallery
Younger Jin
Johan vs Brett
Partnership beaten
Brekdak & Vasco meet again
Daniel
Zoe & Zack
Cheonliang fam introduction
Justin & Chuck playing
Jasmine taking care of James
Jace getting hit
References
Navigation