Episode 110
is the 110th episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Daniel Park
Jay Hong
Jiho Park
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
J High School
Summary
Jiho
had just gotten his mom to buy him a new Vibe limited edition backpack, and his friends were fawning over it. However, when Jiho was with
Jay
and
Daniel,
the girls didn't notice him but, instead, at Jay and Daniel. Jiho thought it is because Jay and Daniel both had a lot of money to buy expensive clothes and silently berates them for not having to work hard to get expensive goods, even though his mother had bought him the backpack.
All of a sudden, Jiho notices that Jay had forgotten his wallet when he rushed over to Daniel's seat when Daniel said he didn't know how to do a problem. Jiho comments on how Jay's so good to Daniel it's ridiculous, running to him just because Daniel had called. Jiho is about to call out to Jay to tell him about his wallet, but decides to pocket it instead to play a prank on Jay.
Jiho, Jay and Daniel are later at the convenience store, and Jiho's thanking Jay for buying him a lot of snacks. Jay waves at him while Daniel translates that Jay's telling him it's fine and for him to eat up. The lady at the counter tells them it's 21500 won. When Jay reaches into his jacket to pay for the snacks, Jiho looks on expectantly, thinking he'll look ridiculous when he realizes his wallet's gone. However, Jay takes out his cell phone and pays with it instead. Jay and Daniel bow to the sales lady and leave.
Later, in the washroom, Jiho huffs, saying that it's no fun and that, if he had known, he would have just given Jay the wallet. He opens Jay's wallet to find pictures of
Enu
and an American Express credit card, which Jiho mistakenly thinks is a VIP card for a coffee shop. He then sees a 10 million won check in the wallet. Scared, he realizes he's landed himself in big trouble.
He then resolves to go and return the wallet to Jay, say he's just found it, and apologize, but decides to go and sneakily return it to Jay instead so Jay wouldn't know.
Jiho first tries to stick it in Jay's left pant pocket while walking past Jay. However, when he sneaks up to Jay, Jay sees three bees and hits them out of the air because Jay's scared of bugs. Jiho, after witnessing Jay's reflexes, decides to try another plan instead.
He then tries to put it in Jay's backpack after school is out. However, no matter how hard Jiho pulled on it, it wouldn't open. When Jay comes along, Jiho realizes it has a fingerprint lock.
Jiho then tries to catch Jay when he's leaving school, apologize, and return the wallet to him, only to have Jay rush away on a motorcycle.
As Jiho walks back home, he resignedly wonders how he can contact Jay again because he doesn't know Jay's phone number. After all, it's 10 million won. Then, Jiho realizes that all he has to do is put the wallet in Jay's desk. However, just as he realizes it, a trio of bullies come and forces him to exchange backpacks. Jiho belatedly realizes that Jay's wallet, containing the 10 million won, was still in the backpack they had stolen.
Notes
Gallery
Jay getting ready to ride his bike
Daniel calling Jay
Jiho encounters his bullies
Jay's wallet
References
Navigation