Ep. 263: One Night (Last Episode)
is the 263 episode in
Lookism
.
Characters & Groups
In alphabetical order:
Characters:
Brad Lee
Chuck Kwak
Daniel Park
Dosam Ju
Doyle Ju
Euntae Lee
Goo Kim
Gun Park
(After Image)
Hyunwoo Kim
Jace Park
Jake Kim
James Gong
Jasmine Huh
Jason Yoon
Jay Hong
Jiho Park
Jin Jang's girlfriend
Johan Seong
Justin Peng
Mary Kim
MC Pesticides
MC Rice Bag
Vin Jin
Zack Lee
Groups/Organizations:
Cheongliang Fam
Hostel A
Summary
Johan does not hesitate to attack Goo, hitting him with all he's got. Goo gets up but is knocked down again and again by Johan as he showcases skills from Vasco,
Jake
and
Gun
. Goo realizes how dangerous Johan has become when he copies Gun's punch. On his final blow Johan is shocked to see that he has missed Goo, and Goo quickly recovers. He is surprised to see that Johan missed his last shot because he looked so determined. Goo mentions that he initially wanted to be friends with Johan, but decided against it because Johan is a "momma's boy". He ends the battle by beating Johan unconscious with a stick.
Elsewhere Jace gives the hostel girl his number, and she asks him out to eat. He then spots Vasco coming towards him with the bear family he made on the road to Cheongliang. Vasco gives him the sausage bars, and proudly tells Jace of his trials getting to Cheongliang. Jace fills him in on what happened last night and Vasco apologizes for not being there, but he disagrees with Jace that Johan helped him out for the money. Instead he thinks that the reason Johan helped Jace that night was so he would have a friend for the night. As he leaves Johan in the alleyway, Goo says Johan may have a shot at beating Gun in the future.
Mary reveals that her companions are the middle school judo club who coincidentally all look the same. The men angrily ask where Vin is and she tells them that he ran back to Seoul, because he was afraid they might kill him. She asks about MC Pesticides and is told that he ran away because he was scared of her. She is a bit upset because she wanted to see him.
In the daytime MC Pesticides passes his test to join Hostel A by lifting a motorcycle with the uncles on it. He tells them he will bring the rest of Cheongliang fam along, and asks about the other uncle,
James Gong
. It turns out he is on vacation with Jasmine and the two of them stole
Olly's
bike. They are oblivious to the drama occurring within the Cheongliang branch.
In Korea's juvenile prison a rehablitation program is established by Hyunwoo Kim, a psychologist. He wants to prove that children can be changed for the better, but is disheartened when he sees the menacing looks of the inmates. He begins his evaluation with
Jiho Park
, who is there for attempted murder.
Notes
Gallery
Johan's copycat ability
Vasco reunites with Jace
Goo vs Johan
Cheongliang Fam
Doyle Ju
Dosam Ju
Mary being boss
Zack, Daniel & Jay shocked
Vin running away
Pecticides lifting Justin & Chuck
James & Jasmine on a bike
Hynwoo giving a speech
Brad, Jake & Jason
Jiho smiling
References
Navigation