Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Workers
Leadership's
Mandeok Bang
Mandeok Bang is the vice chairman of
Workers
and acts as a bodyguard for Eugene. They originally met in high school. Eugene fully trusts him and does not doubt his help. Since Eugene is physically weak, Mandeok acts as a physical complement and his personal sword and shield.
VVIPs
Cap Guy
Yuseong is Eugene's younger brother, and his closest person. Yuseong acts as Eugene's personal bodyguard, and does not doubt his fighting skills. They have a warm relationship, it is clear that Eugene cares and loves his younger brother. Eugene claimed that Yuseong would become much stronger if something happened to his older brother or he was in danger. Eugene seems to be the only one who understands Yuseong in view of his taciturn nature.
Goo Kim
Eugene was personally acquainted with Goo in the past, and has some connections both with Eugene and with Workers in general. Can say that they are business partners and both benefit from each other. Goo is the one who introduced Eugene to Charles Choi and the geniuses.
Gun Park
Eugene is acquainted with Gun Park, and it seems that they both benefit from their acquaintance. It seems that Eugene feels respect and fear for Gun Park and his strength, realizing that the Workers will not be able to stop him.
Jinyoung Park
Jinyoung works for Eugene as a pharmacist, Eugene seems to benefit from meeting Jinyoung. Eugene knows about Jinyoung's unstable psyche and gives out certain pills so that Jinyoung forgets certain events in the past and maintains a mental state.
Charles Choi
Eugene originally met Charles through Goo Kim. Currently, Eugene is attempting to take down Charles Choi. Charles is currently in planning of taking down the
4 Crews
, however Eugene doesn't want his business to be taken down. Eugene claims to know information about Charles weakness, that could damage his position.
First Affiliate
Hangyeoul Baek
Eugene seems to have a friendly relationship, they are somewhat similar in characters and hobbies. They also meet in their free time in the library, reading literature, discussing various topics along the way. Eugene trusts Hangyeoul completely, can say that Eugene and Hangyueol are people of the same temperament
Second Affiliate
Mitsuki Soma
Eugene treats Mitsuki respectfully, because she does her job in the best possible way and has never let the head down, Eugene praises her for the success of the shadow business of the second affiliate.
Ryuhei Kuroda
Eugene appreciates his time and his fighting abilities, it seems that Ryuhei is doing his job well, which makes Eugene trust his abilities as a affiliate manager.
Kenta Magami
Eugene appreciates and trusts him as one of the leaders of the second affiliate. He does not doubt his strength and abilities.
Sato Kazuma
Eugene appreciates and trusts him as one of the leaders of the second affiliate. He does not doubt his strength and abilities.
Third Affiliate
Vivi
Eugene assisted Vivi in supplying drugs to the
Pungsan Cult
. Vivi was the former President of the
3rd Affiliate
, working under Eugene for business connections.
Xiaolong
Eugene greatly appreciates Xiaolong's fighting skills, Eugene regards Xiaolong as a mercenary and a combat unit that is ready to defend a certain territory.
Hwang Ho
Eugene highly appreciates his fighting abilities, he is a mercenary who was hired by Eugene, which means that Eugene treats him as a combat unit.
Taegon Wi
Eugene highly appreciates his fighting abilities, he is a mercenary who was hired by Eugene, which means that Eugene treats him as a combat unit.
Huseong Ha
Eugene highly appreciates his fighting abilities, he is a mercenary who was hired by Eugene, which means that Eugene treats him as a combat unit.
Sowol Jin
Eugene highly appreciated her fighting abilities, she is a mercenary that Eugene hired, which means that Eugene treats her as a combat unit.
Fourth Affiliate
Samuel Seo
Samuel Seo is the president of the
3rd Affiliate
and former executive of the 4th Affiliate in
Workers
, working under Eugene. Eugene trusted him and relied on his intelligence, Eugene trusted Samuel to follow the new leaders, and was also confident in his competence as the president of the 4th affiliate
Workers 5nd Affiliation
TBA
Other