Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Eugene (유진 Yoojin)
is a major character in Lookism, the current head chairman of
Workers
. He was part of the
Ten Geniuses
as a Genius of Conduct and is now working towards taking down
Charles Choi
.
Appearance
Eugene had originally appeared in episodes with only the reflection of his glasses shown and his face shadowed. He has pale skin, a general smaller figure, and a bright smile. He has a neat, frayed hairstyle for his black hair. Johan noted him to look 'so ordinary.'
[
4
]
Eugene wears his school uniform everywhere, which consists of a white undershirt with stripe tie, and orange plaid pants laid out under his royal blue coat. He also wears round spectacles. When Eugene was first shown, he was wearing a black and white tuxedo.
[
5
]
Personality
Eugene displays a kind attitude, smiling and attempting to act in people's favor. However, he is deceiving when people don't act to his will. He will create tactics and plan ahead of time for things to be in his favor, as seen with labeling his invitation from 'Olly.'  Apart from planning ahead of time, he has also proven to be a quick decision-maker. Additionally, surrounding people close to the main
J High fighters
, in order to corner them and manipulate them into his will.
He is considerably intelligent as well, not only attending a prestigious private high school, but also operating a successful business at a young age and planning other sorts of warfare within Seoul. He does a great analysis of the other characters whilst barely knowing them, perhaps from gained knowledge through affiliations, but proves his predictability with situations.
Whenever something bad or on a desperate situation, he just slumps, seemingly broken and hopeless. He stays that way, unless his minions assist him.
Trivia
Eugene is multilingual, being fluent in Japanese and Chinese. He is seen conversing with Neko and Ryuhei in Japanese,
[
6
]
and Xiaolung in Chinese.
He might be ambidextrous, as he is seen eating with both hands and writing/playing tennis with his left.
The assembly ranks are divided according to the badge, and in
Episode 299
, there seems to be a badge that means "President", though Eugene's badge has not yet been revealed. It was revealed that there was a presidential badge with functions such as measuring heart rate and checking vital functions.
Eugene has access to cars such as: Chrysler 300, Rolls-Royce Phantom, and Mercedes-Benz S-class.
It was revealed by
Steve Hong
that Eugene was part of the Ten Geniuses as a Genius of Conduct.
References
↑
[1]
Episode 421
↑
Episode 474
↑
Episode 474
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 349
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 149
↑
Webtoon, Episode 375