Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
"I know you're struggling right now, but don't turn to darkness. If you don't overcome that temptation now, you'll find yourself swallowed up by that darkness. Trust us. Trust Zack. Trust Daniel. Trust Hostel. Trust Vasco. Trust Euntae Tee. I...did it. I overcame it. If I did it, so can you."
”
— Vasco trying to persuade
Eli Jang
,
Ep. 459
Euntae Lee
(이은태 Lee Eun Tae)
, better known as
Vasco
, is a secondary character in
Lookism
. Once a young boy who suffered from extreme physical bullying, Vasco vowed to protect the weak by becoming strong enough to beat the bad guys. He would train and push the limits of his body. Eventually, he became so physically strong that he could win a fight with just a single shoulder grab.
With his newfound strength, Vasco would go around Central Seoul finding delinquents and trying to get them to stop smoking via his shoulder grip. His raw strength and pure intentions would resonate with many of the delinquents. Most quit smoking and began to follow Vasco. Going as far as to enroll in J High School just to be closer to him.
This newfound following would eventually lead to the creation of Burn Knuckles. They would use their power to protect the weak while preventing major gangs from forming in Central Seoul, thereby inadvertently preventing any of the
Four Major Crews
from taking over Central Seoul and keeping the territory neutral. Halfway during 1st year, he would meet and eventually befriend
Daniel Park
. This friendship would eventually lead him into the underworld of Seoul's Generations, filled with crime and unchecked violence. Seeing such injustice and how much it affected his friends, he swore to help Daniel destroy the four crews. Since then, Vasco and Burn Knuckles have been in numerous gang fights throughout Korea against these criminal organizations, which include the
Four Major Crews
,
1st Generation Kings
,
HNH Company
, and
Workers
.
Currently, he is a student in the Architecture Department at
J High School
, the leader of Burn Knuckles, and one of the founding members of
Allied
. His current goal is to prevent
James Lee
and
Kitae Kim
from starting another generation of war.
Appearance
Episodes 7-366
PTJ art style changing overtime (Episodes 7-366)
From his first appearance in Episode 7, Vasco stood out as looking older than his age. His skin is fair and smooth, with a slender face and jet-black hair parted in the center. Vasco has dark, almond eyes with thin eyebrows. He has a well-toned muscular body with Japanese-style tattoos covering both arms and pectorals. Vasco, despite his slender face, grows an impressive amount of facial hair, often sporting a bushy beard and small mustache. Throughout the story, Vasco refused to wear the school's uniform, opting instead to wear various kinds of Burn Knuckles jumpsuits until the 2nd year. He always wrapped the jumpsuit shirt around his waist, along with a white undershirt. Due to his clothing choices, it's easy to mistake him for an active gangster.
At the time of the blind date (episodes 178-179)
Vasco doesn't care about his appearance and regularly forgets to groom. However, as seen in
Vasco's Blind Date
, when he decides to get dressed up, he becomes a different person.
He turns into a pretty boy by shaving and cleverly hiding his physique with his clothes. Instead of scaring people away, his attractive appearance makes him look more younger and approachable.
Youth
Childhood and Middle School Days (Episodes 51-57)
Throughout his elementary and middle school days, Vasco was underweight for his age. His arms were like sticks, and you could see his ribs from the sides. It's a big contrast from the muscular body he has now.
He still had the same hairstyle, and his eyes were just as narrow. He gained many vulgar scars around his body from his former bullies in middle school, his many tattoos being a way to cover them up.
Personality
Even being stated by Jace, Euntae is known to have a unique personality. Although he appears to look scary and menacing, Euntae is actually very pure-hearted and innocent. He cares deeply for those who get treated in an ill manner in society and risks his own life to protect them. Euntae believes that everyone should be treated fairly and the views of respect they achieve should be based on their actions, not on their looks. Euntae is also a strong-willed person, not afraid to keep trying his best to achieve his goals.
While he is a strong-minded and headstrong person, Euntae is surprisingly very sensitive and delicate whenever he is emotionally upset. Some examples are when he starts crying when girls bought other male students at the Auction but didn't want to buy him because they thought he looked too fearsome. Another moment when Euntae starts crying was when he said that people took him for a fool. Euntae is quite compassionate and appreciates the special bonds he has with his friends, especially Jace. Euntae also wants to help the less appreciated people in society become stronger so that they can defeat those who torment and oppress them.
Euntae seems to have a strong respect for teachers and higher authorities in general. He also has respect for the mama bear that raised him in one Night arc and even says that he can't ever lose in respect to his master Brendak.
As the story progresses, Euntae has an increase in his desire to grow. Originally branching from an empathetic mindset, he expressed a sensibility to others situations.
[
3
]
Believing that he should always save those who cannot fend for themselves and are weak, he ambitions to become a superhero for them, coming from his understanding of his experience in bullying and self-hatred. However, as result of his self-obsession with becoming a better person, Euntae transforms into believing anyone associated with wrongdoing is inherently bad, with no pity to understand their perspective. His mindset is revolutionized to become the 'villain' as of result. He states to Jake, "For me to beat the bad guys, I have to become one."
[
4
]
Fighting Techniques
After doing 100 push-ups, 100 pull-ups, 100 squats and running 10 km every day for 2 years, Euntae is one of the strongest characters in the entire series. Many of the delinquents of middle school who dared challenge him were taken down from a single shoulder grab. Euntae's strength has been so overpowering, he has shown in numerous fights to simply take people out in a single move and even lift some up with a single hand. And while Euntae was unable to match with Daniel's new body, he was able to compete with him when he was drunk. Euntae is also incredibly fast as during the live streaming arc and Fake Bank account arc he is seen covering vast distances very easily.
When he met up with Joon Goo once again and after doubling his already insane workout, Euntae got progressively stronger. He lifted Logan Lee with one of his legs, bent steel bars in the Picnic arc and break bones casually. After his training from Brekdak, Euntae has some training in Muay Thai.
Finally, Euntae is known for his indomitable will power and endurance. He is willing to go through immense physical pain and never give in or surrender. His aura in fact as been noted to be terrifying to even gangsters.
After training with Brekdak and the bears for a short time, Euntae's strength and endurance grew unto unbelievable levels, as he still managed to attack after getting his legs crushed by Vin Jin. Given his golden Mongkol, it is implied that he has mastered his Muay Thai training and from living in the wilderness with his bear/master, he managed to unlock a new technique called the Death Blow: a powerful punch that can send people flying.
After retraining again with Brekdak for the month leading up to the Hunt for Big Deal arc, Brekdak himself stated that Vasco's physique and power is enough to take on just about anyone (but was eventually proven wrong as he couldn't handle a blow from James Lee), but that statement was holding up pretty well as the sheer force of his blows was pushing Mandeok extremely far back; Mandeok would have lost the fight as Mandeok himself thought that it is shocking that such as little body (stated by him) generated so much power.
Techniques Used
Runner's High
In the  Worker's First Affiliate arc when Euntae was fighting against Eli Jang, It was revealed that the first forbidden move of Brekdak is actually controlling a phenomenon known as
"Runner's High"
where a person can feel euphoria after tremendous physical activity (like
The Stage
or
Mastery
). After rigorous training, Euntae was able to control the phenomenon and his eyes become pale white and his body unlocks its peak potential. Brekdak also mentioned that when the Runner's high is controlled, all other techniques that Euntae mastered can be evolved.
In the second half of the fight with Eli Jang, Euntae used the 1st Forbidden skill and immediately overpowered Eli, defeating him. Eli noticed at that moment Euntae's speed, destructive power, and all other physical aspects doubled. Unlike Daniel when using
Ultra Instinct
in his second body, he loses all control and becomes a fighting machine, Euntae maintains his sanity while using
Runner's High.
By the Busan arc the power of Runner high further developed making Vasco a literal beast he fought with King of Incheon alongside Allied crew and his strikes and hits became so powerful that it made the King of Incheon take up his guard to defend against Vasco and Allied he also easily devastated the succesors of Busan crew with Vinjin and fought Jinrang without falling down.
Muay Thai
Death Blow
Brekdak's Forbidden Skills
Skill No. 01: Hero/ The Runner's High
Skill No. 02:
Skill No. 03: Compressed Low Kick
Skill No. 04: Unlimited Kneading
Skill No. 05: Piercing The Intestines
Skill No. 06:
Skill No. 07: Mince The Dough
Skill No. 08: Rice Bag Smash
Skill No. 09: Super Strength Strikes
Skill No. 10:
Other Techniques
Shoulder Grab
[
5
]
Bear Style
Quotes
"If you cower, suffer and cry out, they feel superior. They bully to show off in front of others. If I do as they want me to, that means I lose. I don't wanna lose."
[
6
]
"In order not to give in to anyone, I will overcome this."
[
7
]
"For me to beat the bad guys, I have to become one."
[
8
]
"
There are no shortcuts. Effort will not betray you. If you give it your all, your body will not betray your effort."
[
9
]
Trivia
Euntae is modeled after
Bill Stax
. a South Korean rapper.
Brekdak and most of the characters in the anime pronounce Euntee nickname as "Basco" due to the V sounding like a B while saying it in a Korean accent.
Aside from doing suggested training regiments from Goo, Vasco also attends a gym.
Euntae loves dogs, especially Golden Retrievers.
When
Daniel Park
was taking care of Inu, he really wanted to see her and was excited to see the puppies, he never knew
Jay Hong
was actually taking care of them.
There are at least 5 particular panels that are humorously repeated in which Euntae is shown with a tear streaming down his face with Jace witnessing this and thinking to himself, "Euntae..."
There were a lot of references to
One Punch Man
referencing Euntae
When Euntae asks Joon Goo how he can get stronger, Joon Goo's advice to Euntae is to do one hundred push-ups, one hundred sit-ups, one hundred squats, and a 10 km run each day. This seems to be a reference One Punch Man, Episode 3.
Moreover, in the Lee Euntae arc,
Jace
gets angry at the bullies when he sees them after they'd grown up, saying that, because of them, he'd had to train so hard with Euntae he'd almost gotten bald, which is also a Saitama reference.
Another reference is in
Episode 112
, when Euntae tells
Daniel
to go on a diet, he is given a banana to eat in the morning, which also seems to reference the diet Saitama talks about in One Punch Man, Episode 3.
The nickname "Vasco" was given to Euntae because "Vasco" in the universe of the work is a cartoon/comic hero, who fights for justice by protecting the weak.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 9
↑
Lookism Animated series IMDB page
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt22297722/
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 210
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 31
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 9
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 54
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 56
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 31
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 51