The
Ghost Lady
is the nickname for a woman who had their portrait of their face held in a storage room at the end of the school corridor.
Appearance
She has pale skin, short, black hair, and bloodshot eyes with black pupils and red irises. She wears a grey hat and overcoat. While in the portrait, she doesn't seem to have lipstick on, when Zack sees her in the window, she has dark red lips.
Personality
TBS
Relationships
Zack Lee
When Zack was in the storage room, he sees the Ghost Lady. She would have killed him if he hadn't started to pretend to cry. Later, when Zack realizes he had seen her for real, he wets his pants.
Daniel Park
She falls in love with Daniel and can be seen following him around in the end of the story arc.
Synopsis
Zack signing his name on her portrait
Background
Legend goes that the Ghost Lady had married rich when she was alive, but had been chased into the streets on a rainy day right after her children were born. Hence, she haunts the schoolyard when it rains, trying to find her children. If someone who isn't a child looks into her eyes, they will die unless they either cry like a baby or give her a doll. If they give her a doll, the ghost lady would be so glad that she would disappear and grant the person a wish.
Episode 95
Zack
and
Mira
go to the school to pick up Mira's cellphone, they bump into
Vasco
and
Jace
, who were there to find the ghost lady. Vasco wanted to find the ghost lady so she'll grant him a wish so people wouldn't call him stupid anymore. When Zack makes fun of Vasco for believing in ghosts, Jace dares Zack to sign his name on the glass frame surrounding ghost lady's portrait.
When Zack goes to sign his name on the glass frame, he looks into the Ghost Lady's bloodshot eyes. Zack hurriedly signs his name on the glass and leaves. As he runs back to the classroom, he cries like a baby just in case.
The Ghost Lady following Daniel
The next morning, when they go to check if Zack's signature was on the portrait, Zack realizes that the portrait's eyes were closed and that Zack's name was signed on the window, so he had actually seen the ghost and narrowly escaped death by crying out loud when running through the corridor. Frightened, he wets his pants and faints.
In the epilogue, the ghost lady is seen following Daniel around, blushing, and the narrator explains that she has fallen in love.
Fighting Prowess
TBA
Quotes
TBA
Trivia
TBA
Gallery
Episode 95
Ep. 95
- Ghost Lady staring at Zack
Ep. 95
- The group checking if Zack signed his name 1
Ep. 95
- The group checking if Zack signed his name 2
Ep. 95
- Ghost Lady following Daniel