Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Goo was in juvie for an unknown amount of time before being released. He was challenged and then recruited by Jong Gun to work for Charles Choi and became one of the ten geniuses. He had met Eugene prior to meeting Gun and Charles Choi.
Lee Euntae Arc
Goo is first introduced in this arc. Vasco, Jace, and the "Cicada", 3 classmates, are repeatedly bullied by their seniors for their looks and social reputations. The "Cicada" invites Goo to beat their bullies up for a total of 3,000 dollars. However, Goo lowers the price when he sees the horrific tattoos the bullies have inflicted upon Vasco. He stated that he could beat the bully to his heart's content, without receiving punishment. knock all 3 guys out with ease and later tells Vasco a "training regimen" before leaving. Later, Gun is seen meeting Goo for the first time, with orders of a test from the HNH chairman.
PTJ Entertainment Arc
Under the HNH chairman's instructions, Goo and Gun beat up a large group of men without much effort. However, Goo gets aggravated when Gun brings up Goo's card debt collecting job. The two engage in a chaotic fight. Later, the HNH chairman arrives to speak with the PTJ company CEO, who was involved in the Aru scandal.
Stalker Arc
Goo is seen harassing Logan Lee after his refusal to offer money to Gun.
God Dog Arc
Goo is seen relaxing on a pool chair while Gun stretches on a diving block. Multiple scars can be seen stretching across Gun's back, and it is possible that Goo was the one who inflicted them, although it may also have been caused by another character. The two partners are talking to
Johan Seong
, who begs Gun to tell the HNH chairman to move his mother up the waiting list for her cornea surgery. However, Gun refuses, repeatedly reminding Johan to complete his task and claim Gun's position as successor. Goo offers an alternative, which involved an immediate payment of a ridiculous amount of $10 million won as a deposit (implying more payments in the future).
Runaway Fam Arc
Goo confronts Logan Lee and asks him to meet with him. He reveals that he wants to be secret friends with Logan, but Logan refuses to consider Goo's offer and tells him to fuck off.
One Night Arc
Goo is sent by the HNH chairman to deal with Johan Seong, who is pestering him. He kicks his money out of his hands and steps on it, causing Johan to get angry and attack him. Goo tests Johan's strength and reveals he wanted to become friends with him but decided against it. He then beats him unconscious with a stick, saying he believes Johan has the potential to beat Gun eventually.
Workers (four affiliates)
Daniel, who earned the VVIP status by working as a black badge, appears to be sitting in a chair when he enters Seo Sung-Eun's room. greet with ungrateful grace.
Later, he talks with Daniel and is surprised to hear that Gun gave Daniel a black badge. While talking behind Gun's back, he suddenly smiles and asks him to get rid of the four crew members instead of him. When Daniel asked what it was and said that he couldn't even touch him because of what Workers were holding, he said, "If you be my secret friend, I'd let you know." And if Daniel comes, he said, "There are four of us." When Daniel lied, saying, "I'm Gun's successor," Daniel said, "Unlike Gun, I'm not obsessed with him," and smiled and fainted Daniel in a flash. Then he leaves, saying he will leave a gift for Samuel.
He appears at the construction site with Charles Choi's order. Wearing a helmet, lifting a shovel to dig the ground, the movie says, "You only call these places when you bury traitors." When Charles Choi quietly scolded Goo, saying, "I heard someone told me to watch out for my illegal activities," he sarcastically said, "When other crew members were involved in illegal activities, why did you call me when they were in charge of the four-men crew members?" "When other crew members were involved in the illegal work, they stayed still." Then his expression gets serious and he asks if there is any weakness in the Workers. Charles Choi then muttered, "This is why he shouldn't have left until he had complete control of them," and said, "Who's here?"
Lee Do-gyu, the director of Baekho Human Resources Center, appears in front of Goo with a touch, and Goo seems to be intimidated and ready to fight with a heated shovel.
Although the battle was likely to take place, Goo first said he was disappointed by Charles Choi, saying, "The jurisdiction of the four crew members is over, but why to call himself that Workers was caught committing an illegal act?" He said, "I am your bodyguard." Then, he called in a retired uncle who couldn't take care of his allowance, but asked if he suspected him, and mentioned that Charles Choi had a fought well when he was younger, threatening him with a "Shall three of us should fight each other."
However, Charles Choi, who soon gives a 100-million-dollar check as pocket money, looks surprised, but when he says that he was playing too much and tried to take care of him, he looks suspicious. What he said to himself earlier is that he took a check from Charles Choi, who is said to have been surprised, and says that it is rather surprising that Charles Choi, the world's leading figure, is reluctant to Workers. "Be careful with Lee Do-gyu, who takes out alcohol," he warned, "I'll pluck your eyes when I meet you next time."