Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Jong Gun
Jong Gun is Joon Goo's partner and rival. They are seen fighting on multiple occasions. During the Illegal Gambling Arc, Kim Gi Myung (Jake Kim) states that they (Goo and Gun) are a team that makes around 5 million a year. However, since Jong Gun was hired by the HNH chairman to protect Choi Soo Jung, Gun stopped collecting debts, leaving Joon Goo to do the job all by himself. This infuriates Joon Goo frequently. It is also confirmed during the God Dog Arc that Goo was the one who gave Gun the scar stretching from his right eye to his left.
Charles Choi
Joon Goo is one of the ten "geniuses" raised by the HNH chairman. Joon Goo works for the chairman and follows his orders.
Euntae Lee
Goo had met Vasco in previous years. He knows that Vasco was the kid who has been bullied before, along with Goo's cousin, Maemi. While Vasco was being bullied, Goo shows up and was hired by his cousin to beat the bullies. Vasco, seeing Goo's ability to easily beat the bullies, was impressed and wanted to be strong like him. However, it seems that Goo is not interested and instead gives a perfunctory answer, suggesting 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups and running 10 km every day (a reference from the One Punch Man manga). When Goo meets Vasco again during the PTJ Entertainment case, he is surprised that Vasco actually did what he was told when it was just a reference he took from a comic book.
Logan Lee
Logan is one of Goo's secret friends. It may be a possibility that he is Goo's successor as he was seen with Goo in Goo's car, also had a fight with him.
Eugene
Goo introduced Eugene to Charles Choi several years prior to the series. They appear to have already known each other. Goo supported Eugene in his goals for the Workers crew and continues to do so.
Samuel Seo
Samuel is one of Goo's four "secret friends". He earned Goo's approval while seeking Gun's in Chapter 316 after defeating Johan, Olly and Jake in combat.
Goo values him greatly, even choosing to turn on the Workers when Samuel was punished for leaking information to Jake Kim in
The Hunt for Big Deal
. In Episode 472, he went so far as to invade the Grimm Surgery Clinic in order to secure Samuel, challenging the infamous
No. 1
in the process.