Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Ten Geniuses
Goo Kim
Like Gun, Goo Kim is another fighting legend. The two are rivals and best friends. Their attire often consists of opposing colors (Gun wears black/grey while Goo wears white/gold), and both dress very neatly. Gun was first sent to test Goo in a fight by the HNH chairman. It was implied that Goo gave Gun the nasty scar between his eyes (and possibly multiple others) during their fight and Gun caused Goo to need steel pins somewhere in his body. Later, Gun was hired by  Crystal's father as a bodyguard for Crystal. Because Gun left the debt collecting department, Goo now has to complete it all by himself.
Crystal Choi
Gun is Crystal's bodyguard and he often stays by her side to protect her. He is one of the few male characters who does not get smitten by Crystal's beautiful appearance (in her new body). Gun was hired by the HNH chairman to protect Crystal, and he is very protective of her.
Charles Choi
As one of the ten people raised by Charles, Gun deeply respects him and always follows his orders.
J High School
Daniel Park
Gun first met with Daniel when the latter tried to go after Crystal to thanked her. However, the meeting turns into a heated one because Daniel tried to touch Crystal. Gun was of course angry and tried to attack him. When Gun attacked him, he was quite impressed and called it that he had talent. When Gun meets Daniel again during the PTJ Entertainment case, he thinks that Daniel is reliable, showing that Gun recognizes his abilities. Later, when they meet again in the God Dog arc, Gun realizes that Daniel has the ability to imitate other people's movements, just like Yohan. Gun is of course happy and satisfied, because people who have such talent, apparently still exist. Gun meets Daniel again when he goes to James Lee's old school trying to find out more about James Lee. He asked to return the photo that Daniel took, but a fight broke out because Daniel did not want to give the photo. While fighting, they also argued about the Big Four Crews. However, Gun gets angrier and ends up trying to finish Daniel off for being stubborn.
However, Gun then sees Daniel enter in an "Ultra Instinct" state. Gun, when he saw Daniel who was in that state, at first did not think it was extraordinary but changed because Daniel showed many martial arts moves that he had never learned. Gun was certainly very happy and comforted because he met someone who was able to fight commensurate with him again. After the fight is over, Gun thanks Daniel and hands him the task of wiping out the Big Four Crews.
Vasco
Gun first meets Vasco when Gun fights with Daniel. Vasco who saw that of course was disturbed. As soon as Vasco starts to move, Gun immediately punches him in the face but is then surprised that Vasco is not so affected by his fist. Gun tries to fight back again because he finds it interesting, but is blocked by Crystal. During the Illegal Toto arc, he meets Vasco again when Vasco fights Jake. He misspelled Vasco's name with "Tabasco". When Vasco is overwhelmed against Jake, Gun appears and judges that Vasco's "hardware" is very good, but there is no "software" in him. After Gun fights with Jake, he admits that Vasco is a strong person because Gun said that "I won't remember weak people".
During the God Dog arc, Vasco meets Gun again and compares him with Johan, who has "sophisticated software" but "very ordinary hardware", as opposed to Vasco. Then, when Gun tries to attack Zack, Vasco protects him and then attacks Gun. Gun there realized that someone had installed "software" on him, where in the past he only had "hardware". Gun acknowledges Vasco even more because he has leadership and loyalty, just like Jake.