Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Gun Park grew up in the family of the very famous and powerful leader of the
Yamazaki Syndicate
,
Shingen Yamazaki
, a legend comparable to
Gapryong Kim
in Japan, in the Yamazaki family of the Yakuza mafia organization. Gun Park was one of the four children conceived by Shingen Yamazaki, the current leader of the Yamazaki syndicate after the defeat of the
Gapryong Kim's Fist Gang
, with the goal of becoming Yamazaki's hope and taking their clan to the next level. Gun Park was originally born with reversible eyes (
Ultra Instinct
) from a
Somi Park
, woman and from the Hangure clan. From an early age, under the mentorship of
Shigeaki Kojima
and
Hiroaki Kojima
, Gun established himself as a genius who learns with great speed, and from an early age it became known that in a month he is able to master any martial art. However, for all his merits, he did not receive a name from his father, and he was also the leader of the clan. On the instructions of his mother, in order to earn a name from his father, Gun, as an elementary school student, he forcibly captured most gangs in Japan in one day. However, Gun had a cousin
Haruto Yamazaki
, the son of
Shintaro Yamazaki
, who treated him with love for his brother, and instructed him on a kind and honest path, without bloodshed, and most importantly advised him to live without relying on the expectations of others, and follow his own path. Gun Park told everything to Shintaro Yamazaki, the vice-head of the Yamazaki clan, and in order to follow all the rules of his clan, he forced Gun to kill his brother, and a little later he forced Haruto to commit Harakiri, which he did to please his father.
However, at the same time, the vassals of the Yamazaki syndicate intended to overthrow and kill Shingen and his son, Gun Park, and put his brother Shintaro Yamazaki in place of the head, acting not in the interests of the clan leader, but for the sake of the Yamazaki clan itself, but Shintaro flatly rejected this idea, saying that they had condemned themselves to death. After some time, the vassals nevertheless decided to attack Shingen himself, and the sons of the vassals attacked Gun Park, Shingen's son. However, the task turned out to be a failure on both sides, the vassals and their sons lost in an unequal battle with Shingen and Gun. After these events, Gun personally met his father and asked for his name, but Shingen did not even know about the existence of Gun all this time, showed his indifference, and then personally said that Gun was not his son, which hurt and hurt Gun very much.
Soon Gun Park arrived in Korea, in Seoul, and after a while he ended up in a juvenile colony for unknown reasons. In the juvenile colony, Gun Park came up with an individual training plan for himself to become stronger, the training consisted in the fact that all the prisoners of the prison fought against him alone. Soon after such training, Gun Park left a huge bloodstain on the wall of the Prison. Also at the time of his stay in prison, Gun Park met
Charles Choi
, who was working as a janitor at that time. And a year later, Charles Choi opened his own business and began to educate Gun Park as a Genius of Nurture, and also began to study with
Tom Lee
.
At some point in the past, after leaving the juvenile prison, the HNH chairman sent Gun to test
Goo Kim
's fighting ability in order to recruit him as Gun's partner. Both fighters were infamous for their prowess, and both individuals seemed to have heard of the other before their first encounter. Though it was not explicitly shown, it can be inferred that their first fight was intense and resulted in
Goo
giving Gun the scar between his eyes (and possibly more on his back and torso), while Gun caused
Goo
to need steel pins in his body, implying broken bones/ligaments. The outcome, however, was unclear, as both fighters suffered heavy injuries. After the fight they joined forces and created the
4 crews
.
Gun was eventually assigned to bodyguard
Crystal Choi
, leaving
Goo Kim
to handle the business on his own much to his annoyance. They are seen meeting up together and talking about the crew heads or fighters throughout the series on different occasions.
Festival Arc
Gun easily subdues
Daniel Park
(Daniel Park) with a Brazilian kick after he tries to touch Crystal. When Vasco tries to intervene, Gun beats him as well with ease. Gun later tells Daniel that it has been ages since he has fought, but he sees great talent in Daniel as well as Vasco.
Lee Euntae Arc
Gun is seen meeting Goo for the first time, having been ordered to test Goo in a duel to determine Goo's fighting capabilities by the HNH chairman.
Illegal Gambling Arc
Gun goes to see
Jake Kim
, the top candidate for Gun's successor. When Jake Kim knocks out Vasco without much effort, Gun intervenes, stating that because Kim provided illegal gambling, Jake disqualified himself for the position. Angered, Jake Kim expresses his distaste for Gun's shady debt collecting operation with Joon Goo. He attempts to fight Gun and take his position by force but is brutally beaten and had several of his teeth pulled out by Gun
PTJ Entertainment Arc
During the Aru nude-shoot scandal, Gun and Goo are sent by the chairman to fight the PTJ CEO's gang of men. The deadly duo effortlessly dispatches their opponents. When Goo mockingly brings up Gun's successor, Gun replies with a mocking comment on Goo's hard debt collecting job. Goo, angered, initiates a fight with Gun because Gun left him alone to complete the job. The two chaotically clash until the HNH Chairman arrives.
God Dog Arc
After tensions rise between the God Dog crew and Vasco's Burn Knuckles, Johan was revealed to have been betrayed by his own crew members. When Johan prepares to fight Daniel Park, Vasco, Vin Jin, and Logan Lee simultaneously, Gun intervenes, stating that Johan had disqualified himself for his position by failing to integrate his own crew, let alone the four crews that Johan was supposed to unite. Outraged at his own failure, Johan attempts to fight and defeat Gun for the position. However, Gun beats Johan with relative ease. Eventually, Zack Lee steps in to defend Johan, as well as Daniel Park and Vasco. Surprised and pleased by the strong bonds of friendship within Daniel Park's group, Gun takes his leave.
Runaway Fam Arc
Gun Park is relaxing in the sauna with
DG
, and after a while
Goo Kim
comes in, discussing the
Hostel
Gun Park explains why the Hostel A will never be caught. In addition, Gun Park and Goo Kim competed to see who would stay in the bath longer, but when James left, Goo Kim explained why he came to the bath. In order to tell Gun Park that he came to meet his new secret friend.
Eli Jang (Arc)
After the defeat of
Darius Hong
, Gun Park found out about it and was very surprised, in turn,
Johan Seong
offered to defeat
Eli Jang
, in exchange for the fact that Gun Park would give him Kandong, Gun Park in turn agreed to look at the abilities of the hostel, and if Johan overcomes Eli Jang, then the
God Dog
will rule Kandong. A couple of days later, Johan, Gun Park, and
Jerry Kwon
met with
Warren Chae
, whom he accepted as members of
Backdoor
, Warren offers to fight with Jerry, whom he mistook for the boss. Watching Warren and Jerry fight, Gun Park notices that if Jerry hadn't been so stubborn and was able to block attacks, he would have become much stronger. Watching Eli Jang and Yohan fight, Gun Park notices the fact that Yohan is incredibly talented, but he is very naive and easy to betray, so Gun Park notices that this is the only trait that spoils his leadership qualities. Asking Eli Jang what makes him so desperate that he uses weapons in battle, to which he replied father will always protect his family, while pissing off Gun Park. Gun Park, having decided for himself that a
Big Deal
and a
God Dog
will share the kandonga, asked Jerry to pass it on to
Jake Kim
, in turn, Gun Park will destroy the hostel alone. During the battle against the Hostel, he was surprised by their teamwork, and soon he was very amazed by the fact that someone was able to mess with his hairstyle. After defeating the Hostel, Gun Park admitted that Eli Jang is the strongest among all four gangs, but acknowledged the fact that the hostel as a gang does not stand out among the four gangs. At the moment when Gun Park wanted to make Eli Jang regret that he had defeated the Backdoor leader,
Olly Wang
interrupted him, saying that they know how to make money by a cellular organization, saying that Eli Jang had invented this system, surprising Gun Park, and then calling Eli Jang the best candidate for a successor, and then left his phone number to contact him.
Hostel (Arc)
While cooking soup, we were talking about
Logan Lee
and his strength, Gun Park says that he wanted to give him an entire district for his strength, although according to Goo Kim, he does not like him.
Goo Kim
says that he is juicy on the outside and crispy on the inside, explaining that his muscles are protected by a layer of fat that absorbs all the force of the blow, saying that such a body is ideal for fights. During the training of the Gun Park, Goo Kim touched on the topic of  Eli Jang and his search, after Goo  Kim asks what Eli Jang hooked him with, Gun Park replied that his wildness could overcome him, describing Eli Jang as a wild beast. After Olly Wang's death, Gun Park flew to Japan to express condolences on the death of
Olly Wang
. After it's over, Gun Park meets
Eli Jang
outside the Hostel building with a
Yenna
in his hands, saying that he has changed a lot. After Eli Chan's words that the Hostel is no longer a gang, after Gan Park left, saying that the big Four only poisoned the life of this man.
Daniel Park VS Gun
Daniel Park
goes back to the abandoned school, where he is met by Gun Park. Gun Park asks to return the photo to him, to which Daniel Park refuses, after which Gun Park starts a fight, trying to take the photo by force. During the fight, Gun Park offers Daniel to become his successor and create his own gang and join the ranks of the
Four Major Crews
. To which Daniel refuses. During the battle, Gun Park knocked Daniel out, but after that Daniel entered the Ultra Instinct, starting to fight with Gun Park on equal terms all night, but soon Daniel returned to consciousness where Gun Park thanked him for a decent fight and then provided a ONE MCN business card along with a black VVIP badge, soon Gun Park wished good luck in the overthrow of the Four Major Crews.
Workers (4th Affiliate)
Alexander Hwang
had a phone conversation with Gun Park and
Goo Kim
about the ONE MCN business card, testing his theory about who could have given
Daniel Park
's original body the ONE MCN business card. Some time later, Goo Kim meets with Gun Park at a bowling alley, where Goo Kim told that he met
Tom Lee
. Goo Kim asks who would have won in a 1 on 1 fight
Samuel Seo
or Daniel Park, Gun Park replies that Daniel Park would have won, justifying this by saying that Samuel Seo is very cruel and not suitable for the role of successor.
Jake Kim (Arc)
Gun Park and Goo Kim came to the territory of a
Big Deal
to recruit a gang into the
Four Major Crews
, while
Sinu Han
recognized Goo Kim, they started a fight Gun Park watched this fight, analyzing Sinu Han's body and fighting skills Gun Park came to the conclusion that Sinu Han is strong, but not capable of being part of a big fours because of his age. During the battle, Goo Kim and Sinu Han were stopped by
Jake Kim
and
Samuel Seo
, Gun Park at the same time decided that the Big Deal would be part of the Four Major Crews, passing the news to
DG
. Before leaving, Gun Park said that they had only passed the initial assessment, and gave them the task to earn 100 million won in 1 month, and if they did not do it, they would destroy a Big deal. A month later, Gun Park and Goo Kim visit the Big Deal again, deciding that the gang could not earn the amount they named, they decided to disband and destroy the Big Deal, but Goo Kim, noticing 100 million won, changes his mind, however, Samuel, bringing the Black Bear gang, claims that the Big Deal wants to test their abilities by setting conditions if they pass The Big Deal test will become part of the Four Major Crews and give 100 million won, but if they fail the test, they will die. After passing the test, completely destroying the Black Bear gang, Gun Park was surprised by Samuel Seo's intellectual abilities, offering him to become the leader of a Big Deal, but soon Samuel handed over this position to the
Old Face
. After some time, Gun Park, sitting on a bench, analyzes Samuel Seo's abilities, coming to the conclusion that starting from his business sense and ending with his fighting abilities, he is perfect in everything, making an analogy with Jake Kim and Samuel Seo, he does not understand why Samuel thinks that he is inferior to Jake Kim, coming to the conclusion that Samuel may be an illegitimate child, Gun Park decided that Samuel Seo wanted to kill Jake Kim. After some more time, during the meeting of the Gangseo's girls' strike against Samuel and the meeting of Jake Kim and Samuel, seo Gun Park finally realized that Jake Kim is the son of
Gapryong Kim
. After the fight between Jake and Samuel, Sinu Han returned, who aimed at fighting Gun Park, but in fact Sinu Han was not going to fight Gun Park, but simply wanted to get rid of Samuel. After a while, sitting on the bench, Gun Park came to the decision to create a gang in Gangbuk, simultaneously giving the business card of the gang of
Workers
to Sinu Han, for which he needed to call, and sell himself to the Workers as a high-class fighter so that the earnings of a Big Deal would be much more rapid. After a while, Jake Kim began to steadily pay 100 million won to Gun Park. However, Jake Kim promised to buy Sinu Han for 5 billion won from the Workers. At the same time, Samuel Seo asked for another chance to become the successor of Gun Park, soon he gave him a second chance and also gave him the task to become a respected person with his gang Ganseo Union in Gannam, Samuel was the first person to whom Gun Park gave a second chance. While destroying other Korean gang, Gun Park along with Goo Kim, Gun Park decided to visit Samuel, but was extremely disappointed that he was beating up his own subordinates, he realized that Samuel would never become an ideal leader, so Gun Park decided to drop Samuel. After a while, Gun Park and Goo Kim pitted all 4 leaders of the
Four Major Crews
to identify the strongest leader, simultaneously betting on their favorite, Gun Park and Goo Kim bet 5 billion won each and the winner will win 10 billion won. Gun Park's favorite was Jake Kim, and Goo Kim's favorite was
Olly Wang
. However, Samuel Seo turned out to be the winner of the fight.
Workers (3rd Affiliate)
While conducting a dialogue with the reader, Gun Park describes
Xiaolong
's strength, answering the question of who is stronger than him or Xiaolong, he replied that in order to find out he needs to fight him personally. After some time, Gun Park conducts a dialogue with the reader, where he asks the question of how strong
Eli Jang
is, Gan Park replied that in the 3 years that Eli Jang was hiding, the leaders of the
Four Major Crews
became much stronger, answering the question that Eli Jang would not have a chance against any of the current leaders of the Four Major Crews.
James Lee (Arc)
Gun Park and Goo Kim were vacationing in Gangnam when it came to
Ansan Public
, speaking of them, Gun Park said that they are very strong and smart in terms of business.
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
Gun Park appears in the memoirs of
Kenta Magami
, about how he studied kyokushin karate in the Magami syndicate from Magami Kenta's father
Ryuujo Magami
. A few years later, Gun Park cuts out the entire syndicate by Magami and leaves a scar on his head by Kenta Magami. After a while, Gгn Park talks about
Ryuhei Kuroda
, saying that he destroyed all the gangs in Japan and also destroyed the Samura syndicate in Kanto.
The Kidnapping of Daniel Park
Daniel Park
seriously decided to become stronger and for this he went to an abandoned school, where he was met by Gun Park, telling Daniel that he could not be taught anything, Gun Park soon realized that Daniel Park had a unique talent to copy movements and techniques during combat, realizing this Gun Park decided to create his own a perfect student, forcing you to copy all his techniques and movements.