Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
I am the sun of Ansan. Your pride, your self-respect.. I can’t lose.
”
Hudson Ahn (안현성 Ahn Hyun-seong)
is the leader of
Ansan Public
, and the successor of
Taesoo Ma
. He's joined Allied for the goal of revenge against Eli Jang.
Appearance
Hudson has blond hair and sharp eyes. His clothes are school uniforms and he wears a red turtleneck underneath. His right hand is more bumpy than other characters; it is implied that the bones in his right hand have been replaced with steel. is quite attractive as Natalie called him cute. (she’s always the one to point out a good looking guy)
Personality
He has a cold but flexible personality. He respects his senior Ma Tae-soo very much and considers him an idol. he possesses stoic tendencies with his conviction.
Relationships
Ansan Public
Taesoo Ma
TaeSoo Ma seems to have a taecher-alumni relationship with the leader of the
Ansan Public
,
Hudson Ahn
. TaeSoo Ma had seem to be pestered by Hudson to teach him how to become as strong as him as Taesoo was considered the "King Of Ansan" when husdon was younger. Hudson seems to have met him around the age of 16, Hudson learned from TaeSoo as he uses his right arm as in fighting and only uses the left when needed. It seems TaeSoo left Ansan in Hudsons care and Husdon thinks very highly of his "Master" Taesoo Ma.
Fighting Prowess
Unlike other characters, he didn't learn martial arts in particular. But he's steadily building up his body and showing off his powerful strength, he hits a person with his left hand and shows the ridiculous power of the people behind him to fall down. His biggest feature is his extremely disciplined right hand. His right hand is so hard that it is often compared to steel. In his fight against
Eli Jang
the force of his right-hand punch was enough to break his ribcage and the second to stun him, if it weren't for Eli's great resistance and determination to withstand the first two punches and the fact that Hutson had his guard down, with his third punch he could have won the fight.
After redoing all his training from the beginning with
Taesoo Ma
, his right-handed punch became so strong that he can now break rocks and crush his opponents with a single blow, sinking them into the ground or walls with the impact leaving the mark of his fist.
Quotes
"I am the sun of Ansan. Your pride, your self-respect.. I can’t lose"
[
1
]
"It looks like you're about as strong as Daniel Park... but you've made a mistake. You lost the moment my fist struck you."
[
2
]
Trivia
Hudson has a habit of rating people/places/events on a scale of 0 to 100.
[
3
]
References
↑
Episode 365
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 405: First Generation King (2)
↑
During James Lee arc