Invisible Strike
is an extremely rare ability, where the user can hit their opponent quickly and precisely enough to make it appear as if the hit was invisible.
Explanation
The technique consists of hitting your opponent in a blind spot quickly, causing this impression of invisibility. To achieve this, the user must at least have
Speed ​​Mastery
, and possibly
Technique Mastery
.
Thanks to this, the Invisible Strike becomes a technique that borders on guaranteed success, being extremely difficult to counter for most people, requiring at least the individual to have overcome the wall once (like
Eli Jang
and
Warren Chae
for able to see
Sinu Han
's blows
[
1
]
). The ease (or difficulty) of seeing the blow being delivered can also increase, depending on how experienced and powerful the user becomes, for example,
Seongji Yuk
can only see
James Lee
's blows after achieving Mastery for the third time (this being the Mastery of Speed
[
2
]
).
Users
As it is a technique applicable to different types of attacks, its users deal with Invisible Strike in different ways.
Charles Choi
The first user we know of, chronologically. While it is unknown when or how he achieved Invisible Strike, Charles fights with this ability in a direct and strategic way, it is also unknown how he fought with Invisible Strike before losing his arm.
Diego Kang
Presumably achieved with talent, Diego Kang (once known as James Lee) fights with Invisible Strike in a clean and acrobatic manner, preferring to use kicks over punches, even commonly fighting with his hands in his pockets.
Sinu Han
Achieved during the tortuous years he was in the Circus, Sinu Han used to fight as he had learned from fighting in the streets, however, after years of fighting in the Circus and achieving the Invisible Strike, Sinu begins to refine his attacks, delivering both punches and kicks indiscriminately during his fights, including having several deadly techniques up his sleeve mixed with his invisible blows.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 423
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 491