Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Jace and Vasco were childhood friends. When they were both young, they played with their "Hero Man" figurines. While playing Vasco would often question Jace about why the Hero Man would use his role as a superhero. However, despite being annoyed by these questions and hitting Vasco, both become good friends.
After reaching middle school, Jace mingled with 3 other students in their class. Jace, Vasco, and the three other students meet three upperclassmen bullies. When asked to smoke, Jace was interrupted from accepting the cigarette when Vasco told him smoking was bad. Embarrassed, the three bullies starting picking on Vasco, and despite watching this all happen Jace didn't do anything, The two friends starting growing and Jace soon started to ignore Vasco's suffering. Even after witnessing Vasco crying by himself, Jace ran away. Afterwards, Vasco disappeared from school and Jace was forced to bring him back or take his place in getting bullied.
Jace saw all of the crude tattoos and wounds Vasco had received from the bullies and went to school telling the bullies Vasco was sick. This angered them and he was threatened until Vasco showed up. Vasco and the bullies started fighting but he was quickly overpowered. Jace begged the bullies to stop but all they did was beat him. Cicada, another student the bullies picked on arrived with his cousin, Goo, who preceded to beat all the bullies.
After all the bullies were forced to move from the school, Jace finds out that Vasco had developed Aichmophobia, the phobia of sharp objects. To help his friend, Jace got a tattoo of a bird on his chest. Later Jace is seen to have a tattoo saying "My Hero Man ET." When questioned by Vasco why he had ET tattooed, Jace replied that he really liked the movie. However, it is revealed that ET stood for Euntae, who was Jace's hero man.
Plot
Jace was first introduced in Lookism as Vasco's second in command. He initially did not like Daniel Park, because he was causing trouble in J High. After seeing Daniel become interested in the Burn Knuckles, he became more accepting of him. When Daniel first began training with Vasco, Jace did not approve of Daniel because he thought he would quit soon. However, Daniel was persistent in his training and proved Jace wrong, so he started to warm up to little Daniel, even calling him a friend.
Jace and the Burn Knuckles show up a lot in the story to help Vasco in his battles. The first battle they appeared in was the Secondhand Rana arc, where they helped Vasco fight against Woojin's gang. They also attacked by the God Dogs, but they refused to fight until Vasco gave them the order. When Vasco pretended to be a runaway, Jace gathered the Burn Knuckles to look for him. They found Riley Oh instead, and he was arrested by the police.
When Vasco was framed for stealing Jasmine's wallet, Jace was the one who convicted Jasmine for lying. He became interested in Hostel once he discovered people from Hostel bought Jasmine's paraphernalia and sold it to perverts. He decided to help Daniel destroy the four gangs, telling him he would need a lot more help than before. He was smart enough to challenge Jin Jang's analysis of the J High kids, and the latter marked Jace as his first target to destroy.
Jace visited Cheonliang with Vasco to gain information on Hostel, but he became distracted when he fell in love with a girl on the train. The girl was a Hostel member, and Jace feared she would be used in a prostitution scam. Vasco missed the train, but Johan offered to help Jace under the terms of a contract. The two of them found the girl, and went their separate ways. Jace reunited with Vasco and started dating the girl from the train.