"
Incheon isn't as gentle as Cheonliang, got it?
"
—Jaegyeon Na to James Lee  in
episode 493
Jaegyeon Na
is a member of the
1st Generation
and King of Incheon.
Appearance
Jaegyeon Na is very tall, being shown to be of similar height to
Taesoo Ma
, and towering over
Daniel Park
. He has blonde hair with brown roots styled in a middle part, with rather prominent eyelashes. He seems to have a preference for expensive clothing, wearing light blue jeans secured with a luxury-brand belt, a white dress shirt with a popped collar, and several pieces of jewelry around his neck, particularly a chain, a beaded necklace, and a pendant.
Personality
Jaegyeon Na has a cool, quirky, and also somewhat childish personality. He has a strong favor toward racing cars with childish stickers choice. However, his reckless driving often leads to his fellow kings destroying his car during their meetings. They criticize his car as crummy or claim that a driver like him deserves it, which ends up enrages him. In response, he forces them to pay for the damage or even buy the car. He even once persistently pressures Daniel Park to buy his car and falsely accuses him of damaging it, despite it only being lightly touched by his back by accident.
At one point, his tolerant comes to an end, as he no longer withstand to see his car destroyed. His usually demeanor gives way to an unusual vindictive side, and almost starts a fight between five province kings. It becomes clear that the only thing capable of triggering his anger is his car.
History (optional)
TBA
Relationships
Taesoo Ma
Jaegyeon and Taesoo are shown to have a mutually antagonistic relationship, with Jaegyeon attempting to hit Taesoo with his car upon seeing him, and Taesoo not hesitating to wreck it in return. However, this relationship is not so severe that it takes precedent over all else, as Jaegyeon was able to calm down for the sake of the deceased's anniversary.
Seongji Yuk
Point out from the conversation between him and Jichang Kwak, he often comes to Cheonliang to offer Seongji Yuk a recruit.
[
1
]
Jinrang
Not much is known about his relationship with Jinrang, however, he was the first person to be informed of Jinrang's release from prison.
Gongseob Ji
Like the other kings, Gongseop also likes to bully Jaegyeon's car.
James Lee
Instead of taking Jaegyeon down, James made a deal with him to work together during the peak of the First Generation.
Fighting Prowess
The King Of Incheon is a very agile and quick fighter. With strikes based on traditional Taekkyeon- a fighting style that revolves around its swift, destructive, unpredictable strikes. Jaegyeon demonstrated
Mastery
of Speed and Technique
, being able to switch between them instantly during his attacks, being able to instantly incapacitate Baekjin Hyun, who was able to overpower Eli Jang with two quick, consecutive strikes. He was also able to deal significant damage to Jinrang and block consecutive attacks from the Allies facing them simultaneously.l_D_Wiki Initial D], street racing series by Shuichi Shigeno.
Gallery
Cheonliang (Arc)
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon nearly throwing Daniel
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon holding Daniel down
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon notices something
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon lets go of Daniel
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon waving at Daniel
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon angry at Taesoo
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon angry at Taesoo 2
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon introduced as the King of Incheon
Ep. 481
- Jaegyeon asking Gongseo if he will buy his car
Ch 493, James was almost caught by Jaegyeon and James was amazed
Jaegyeon challenges James to fight
Jaegyeon smiling
Busan
Ep. 537
Unknwon Chapter/Arc
Gc6ifpTbsAA3jxJ.jpg
References
↑
Episode 493