Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Jake Kim used to be third in command to Big Deal, and the leader of the YB division. When the leader of Big Deal attempted to sell the gang to the Workers gang, he fought for their right to be independent. Since then, Jake has been the leader of Big Deal.
He also used to be the main candidate for Gun's successor, and was tasked with uniting the four crews. After he disobeyed Gun's rules by running an illegal betting ring (which, ironically, was what he was using to make money to become Gun's successor), Gun beat Jake and removed his candidacy.
His father, Gapryong Kim, was a famous gangster, who Jake disliked because of his father's neglectful treatment of his mother. The reason he joined Big Deal was because it was not like a typical gang.
[
1
]
However, his resolve and views on his father change as he learns from his mother how Gapryong was incapable of ignoring others in need or injustices. This led Jake to confront Sinu and take up the role as Big Deal's leader after the former sold himself to
Workers
.
Illegal Toto Arc
He,
Jiho
, and two others met to discuss the wildly popular ladder betting game. However, he was brought into prominence when
Euntae
, trying to help out Jiho, attempted to fight him in order to convince him to give Jiho his money back.
Jace Park
attempted to convince Euntae not to fight after noticing that they were in "Big Deal" territory. However, this confrontation angered Jake, as he was insulted that Euntae thought that he would need his underlings. Euntae and Kim immediately begin to fight, and Euntae was later shown bleeding and utterly defeated. As Bum Jae was going to step in and fight himself, Gun arrives on the scene. After being informed that he was no longer a candidate for Gun's successor, Jake reveals that Gun runs an extortion ring, which angers him. Gun then proceeds to brutally defeat Jake, ripping out his teeth as a punishment for his insubordination.
Juvenile Prison (Arc)
Later, Jake is shown in a Juvenile Detention Center, vowing to himself that he will kill Gun. He is a major influence to Jiho and tells him that the only way he will win against opponents stronger than himself is if he resorts to fighting to the death. He later reveals that this advice was not meant for Jiho but for himself, as he believes the only way he will win against Gun is if he fights him to the death.
Jake Kim (Arc)
This is a flashback arc and takes place a few years before the start of the series.
Jake is the unofficial leader of his middle school. When second year transfer students
Brad Lee
and
Jason Yoon
are ganged up on by the third years, Jake steps in and beats all of the third years because he liked the gum they gave him. Later, Jake is directly contacted by the leader of
Big Deal
,
Sinu Han
and is invited to join the gang. Jake refuses, stating his dislike of gangsters.
Samuel Seo
finds out that Sinu contacted Jake personally and not him, and goes to beat Jake to prove his strength. Jake and Samuel fight in a street that Big Deal protects. In the middle of their fight, the Black Bear Gang shows up and threatens them. Samuel, Jake, Brad, Jason,
Jerry Kwon
and
Alexander Hwang
tell the gang that they are Big Deal. The Black Bear members chase them down and capture them. Before the Black Bears can kill them, Sinu shows up to save them. He asks the leader of the Black Bears if he can handle the repercussions of killing the leader of Big Deal. He lets the boys go, and Sinu is shown visibly shaking afterwards, although the boys now have a great deal of respect for him.
Sinu celebrates saving them with a feast on the aforementioned street. Samuel is eager to join, but Jake is still reluctant to join Big Deal. He comes back later and joins along with Brad, Jason and Jerry, likely due to Sinu breaking his preconceptions of what a gangster was.
Reference
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 308