Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Family
Gapryong Kim
Jake has a bad relationship with his father, as his father was always a good man to the public, but a bad man to his family, especially his mother.
Big Deal
Jerry Kwon
Jerry is Jake's second command. Jake is very kind to Jerry and often involved in his education he encouraged Jerry to be a modest student and to get along well with his classmates. He bought Jerry a bamboo flute so that he will not be reprimanded by his teachers and to practice the Jeongseon Arirang. Jerry is undeniably the most loyal member to Jake, he refuses to call anyone else " Sir" and will always follows Jake command without hesitation. He was known to be Jake's "sword" and when Jake lost to Gun he vowed to become stronger so that he can protect Jake.
Workers
Samuel Seo
Samuel and Jake have a rocky start, Samuel thought that Jake was acknowledged by the Big Boss of Big Deal because he personally sought Jake, whereas he was recruited by Big Deal second in command. After they were captured by Black Bear Gang where they were saved by Sinu Han the two began to acknowledge each other and become friends. When Samuel decided to go to Gangnam and start a gang there he recruited Jake to be his second in command but Jake refused, he told Samuel that he hated gangs and the only reason he joined Big Deal was because it is not a typical gang. During their conversation Jake told Samuel about his relationship with his father and his father's funeral, Samuel commented that big funerals are uncommon for most gangsters Jake told him the name of his father. Samuel was shocked and he began to despise Jake and their relationship become sour.
While Jake is known to be a caring leader, Samuel is ruthless and often clashes with Jake. Especially when Samuel decided to support Old Face in joining the four major crews after Sinu lost to Gun. When he resorted on using the girls who work in clothing stores to earn money and punishing them by not giving them food or drinks, Jake decided to face him, the two fought and Samuel was left unconscious.
During the fight Big Deal members as well as Gun thought that Samuel is vengeful towards Jake because he is the illegitimate son of Gapryong Kim but it was later revealed that he was jealous of Jake because he wanted to be Gapryong Kim's son. He saw a picture of his mom and Gapryong Kim together and thought that it must be his father so he changed himself from being a timid and bullied boy to a strong character so that his father would be pleased to see him when they met. When he met his real father and realized that he was just mistaken Samuel was embarrassed to admit that the "great" father he thought he have is far different from reality. He becomes resentful of Jake because he is the real son of Gapryong Kim and he was acknowledged by people he respect mainly Gapryong, Sinu, and Gun.
J High School
Jiho Park
Jake initially did not think much of Jiho. He used Jiho in his illegal betting ring and stole his money. When Jiho came to prison, Jake gave Jiho advice on how to survive. After seeing how powerful Jiho had become, Jake decided that his advice worked, and accepted Jiho into Big Deal.
Other
Jong Gun
Gun was the one who gave Jake a scar on his face and removed his teeth. Jake has sworn revenge on Gun, and decided to do anything possible to win.