Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
Oh, they're not extras?
”
Jake Kim
(김기명 Kim Gimyeong)
is the son of
Gapryong Kim
and leader of the West River Gang,
Big Deal
.
Appearance
Jake Kim is described to be handsome, with a tall slender figure. Although he's been shown to have a range of expressiveness within his face, usually his eyebrows always look raised, and a calm expression. His hair is black and his eyes are a deep brown.
Throughout the series, he cycles through 3 different hairstyles. From his introduction, he has the typical hair length of a Korean male, that is slicked to the side of his forehead. When brought back to the story in the
Juvenile Prison Arc
, he has an edgar-style haircut. By the end of the arc,
[
8
]
his hair is grown out into a spiky style. However, it turns back to a buzzcut.
He gains a scar after fighting
Gun
that stretches from his cheek to his lip (in the game, he does not possess a scar).
[
9
]
He gained another scar across his nose when he fought
Xiaolong
in the 3rd Affiliate arc.
Personality
Jake is a charming and charismatic individual who, initially, is polite to everyone he meets. He is able to win Jiho's trust easily and his accomplice Jiho mistakes him for a friend, until he reminds him that they are business partners. During the Jake Kim Arc it is revealed his disdain for gangs because of his relationship to his father whom Jake described as a gang leader known for being just and fair to others but unfair to his own family.
During his middle school years he is laid back and doesn't care about being the leader of the school. Ironically, like his father he is someone who will not tolerate injustices and unfairness demonstrated when he fought the third years for "ganging up" on Brad and Jason when they were in middle school and fighting
Samuel Seo
to help the vendors of the street Big Deal is protecting.
To his allies, Jake is a caring leader. He fought hard to maintain Big Deal's independence, and they care about him deeply, making them one of the most loyal crews. He values people who are honest and fair, and does not like people who fight dirty.
During the series Jake noted himself that he began to sound like
Sinu Han
, the previous leader of Big Deal who showed Jake the value of "romance" and passion, and ideals which the latter follow.
Following his time in juvenile detention, Jake's personality began to change. He became callous to his initial ideas about fairness and is only focused on revenge.
As of the
One Night II Arc
, his sense of humor that he used to have in his past resurfaces. He makes some sneeze jokes, shows his butt to
Vivi
, and plays word chain with
Johan Seong
and
Daniel Park
while on duty as an undercover bouncer for Vivi's club. However, he still has his serious demeanor at the ready whenever he needs to, as he is looking for clues regarding Sinu Han's whereabouts.
Fighting Prowess
Jake Kim is among the most proficient fighters in the series utilizing a fighting style based off of MMA and his father's , Gapyrong Kim's, street fighting style. He is extremely skilled in combat and the third person to defeat
Euntae Lee
in the Webtoon (the others being
Daniel
and Gun). This is a relevant fact in the early series as it established the superiority of the
Four Major Crews.
Although it may be argued that Daniel may be faster, Jake defeated Euntae, who as Daniel stated before, was the second to visibly injure Gun. He was able to defeat
Xiaolong
, who was comparable to Gun in strength. And, as of chapter 388, blocked a kick from Sinu, who had "Invisible" kicks.
In the Hunt for Big Deal Arc, Jake held off (for a limited time) both Yuseong (an extremely powerful figure, as the Workers
version
of Gun Park) and Xiaolong (who was stated by Jake in the
Workers
: 3rd Affiliate Arc [who fought Gun in a brawl] and Old Face [who witnessed Gun 3 years back] to be on par with a
suppressed
Gun) | but Xiaolong only got stronger from there | (as so did Gun, who trains consistently to  surpass himself every day [but hasn't engaged in many fights for a while] ), but still performed well (albeit on the losing end), and once Yuseong left, Jake adapted to Xiaolong's fighting style and ending up cornering him. A testament to his durability and endurance is that he survived a fall from a school building after taking heavy blows from the weapon wielding Xiaolong and pure destructive power (as stated by Johan) of Yuseong and still willed himself to push forward and push back the police to keep Big Deal safe.
In chapter 461, Taejin Cheon stated that Jake Kim was stronger than that of Jerry Kwon by the looks of the damaged and beaten responders. And in the same chapter he seems to be working with
Allied
in the first affiliation or is probably a member of it.
The full extent of his power is revealed in Chapter 469 when he faces off against
Jinyoung Park
. After unlocking all the reserves of Gapryong's Blood/Genes, he now has both
Innate Strength
and completed the
Stage of Mastery
.
It is theorized that his true limit was already demonstrated vs Samuel Seo in Chapter 466 but it is to be confirmed the difference between the two states: Unconscious and Conscious. There is more evidence towards the two being identical as Jake called back to the Samuel Fight and wished for the same power vs Jinyoung before being wired to activate it.
Other Languages
Language
English
Jake Kim
Korean
김기명 (Gi
myeong Kim
)
Japanese
迫田充紀 (Sakoda Mitsunori)
Chinese
金基明 (Jīn Jīmíng)
Quotes
Oh, you mean they’re not extras?
[
10
]
You’re not the only one with a history. Everyone’s dealing with their own issues.
[
11
]
War? This is how we greet each other
[
12
]
Workers', First affiliate. Let's play, shall we?
Trivia
He was the youngest leader in Big Deal history. He became the leader at the age of 16.
He is the oldest crew head among the four major crews.
His favorite cake is red velvet.
He repeated his sophomore year.
When in a state of motivation, Jake's right eye is drawn glowing magenta.
Jake possesses an extremely similar appearance to his father, Gapyrong Kim, when the latter was the same age as him.
References
↑
Episode 322
↑
Episode 243
↑
Epsiode 302
↑
4.0
4.1
Listed in the Japanese Profile
↑
Episode 231
Jake celebrates his 19th birthday. Earlier in that arc, it is stated to be winter.
↑
Episode 302
↑
Episode 302
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 185
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 90
↑
Episode 334
↑
Episode 340
↑
Episode 341