Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Family
Joy Hong
Joy is Jay's younger sister by a year. They have a close relationship, although they live apart.
Kitae Hong
Kitae is Jay's older brother. Their relationship isn't exactly clear, but they seem to be on neutral terms, as Kitae refers to him as "dude" and talks to him casually.
Steve Hong
The H Group Chairman is Jay's father. They seem to have a strained relationship with each other. The chairman does not approve of Jay getting into trouble, which is why he hired a butler to help keep him from getting into fights and bad situations. During the "Runaway Fam" arc, they meet up and the chairman tells Jay to never call him again.
J High School
Daniel Park
New Body
Jay is considered to be the closest with Daniel's new body. During the earlier episodes, he gave Daniel a bag of new clothes when he saw the Daniel didn't have a lot. He also took it upon himself to raise the puppies Daniel had despite being afraid of dogs. Later in the series, Jay's deep care for Daniel is being shown at almost all of Jay's appearances on the webtoon. He will, for example, when Daniel's new body was in a coma, spend so much time in the hospital by his side to try and help him awakening, than a nurse will say to Daniel, when he does awaken, that Jay "basically lived there" during the three weeks of his coma, studying medecine in hope to find way to help him.
More recently, he even went as far as to join the crew that Daniel Park created with his original body (even though Jay doesn't like to fight at all), in hopes to find Daniel's 2nd body that's missing since he was kidnapped by the Workers. He was stated to have been appearing "down" ever since the Daniel he knows (2nd body) disappeared.
Jay gifts Daniel on his birthday.
Old Body
Jay has a good relationship with Daniel's old body. He went out of his way to fight
Logan Lee
for getting Daniel's "lucky charm" or the 5000 won bill back. When Daniel and his mother goes to the department store to return the dress Daniel bought as a gift for his mother as it had a stain, they refused to change it. But when they saw that Daniel was a friend of Jay, they immediately changed it.
In the newer chapters, he joined Daniel's original body crew,
Allied
, and was shown interacting with Daniel's first body, as well as helping him with some personal business outside the framework of the crew.
Logan Lee
TBA
Zack Lee
TBA
Other
Daniel's mother
Jay has a good relationship with her. When he learnt that Daniel's mother made her living by selling garbage boxes, he went out of his way to order the manager of a hotel or a branch to deliver a heap of garbage boxes to their house so that Daniel's mother could sell them all.