Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
J High School
Daniel Park
Old Body
He met Daniel's old body at the convenience store where Daniel worked. When Jiho met him the second time, he apologized for the fight and he had bought Duke with him as he didn't want to apologize alone.
The trio talked with each other for a long time and shared their experiences of being bullied. They became good friends and Jiho used to visit him in the store often along with Duk Hwa.
But soon he started visiting Daniel's old body only when he wanted help from him. He also stole some money from the store for illegal betting. Even though he had helped Jiho, in the end, Jiho considered Daniel's old body as having lower status than himself.
New Body
Daniel invited him to eat with him during lunch at school, and they soon became good friends. Through Daniel, Jiho met Zack, Mira, Jay, Joy, and Daniel's other friends. He reciprocated their friendships at first, but it did not continue as he only cared about his own status and took advantage of Daniel's popularity for himself. Daniel tried to invite Jiho to hang out with them constantly, but Jiho still felt left out of the group.
When Daniel restrained James Goh from attacking Jiho, Jiho was enraged as Daniel told him to run away. He twisted Daniel's words. This resulted in him pushing Daniel and James out of the window, thereby committing a crime - attempted murder. Even after putting them into a coma, he wished that they never wake up so that he could get away with the crime.
Doo Lee
TBA
Duke Pyeon
Jiho is on friendy terms with Duke Pyeon
Han Park
TBA
Kay Jang
TBA
Zack Lee
Zack used to bully Jiho, before he met Daniel. Zack was never close to Jiho as he noticed that Ji Ho never reciprocated their friendships and only took advantage of them. But after James cyber attacked him by looting his money, Zack was concerned about Jiho and fought for him.
Big Deal
Jake Kim
Jiho befriended Jake during his gambling days. Jake eventually cheated Jiho out of his money, but Jiho got it back. They meet again in juvenile prison, where Jake decides to mentor Jiho. He teaches Jiho to be ruthless towards his enemies and takes his own advice for when he decides to fight Gun.
Other
James Gong
When Jiho first meets James, he is overjoyed at the attention James and his friends give him. He gives James money, and eventually even gives him a credit card. When James betrays him by selling the bank account the credit card is linked to, Jiho unfriends him.
He tries to get revenge on James by harming him with a box cutter, but is beaten up, only to be saved by Daniel. In the end, he pushes both James and Daniel out a window, getting him charged for attempted murder.