Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
He is an only child who lives with his parents. He used to be bullied by
Doo Lee
regularly, and he was treated like a slave. After Daniel befriended him, he stopped being bullied.
Exposition
Jiho was summoned by Doo Lee to steal a charger from the convince store. Daniel caught him as he tripped. Doo summoned Daniel and Jiho outside and made them fight each other by saying that the winner wouldn't have to serve him anymore.
Illegal Toto Arc
Jiho meets an old friend John who introduces him to illegal gambling. He also befriends Jake Kim, the boss of Big Deal (but he is unaware of this). Jiho becomes obsessed with gambling and loses all his money. He begs John's friend Jake to lend him some, and Jake's gangster accomplice tells him to take out a loan.
When Jiho gets enough money to pay back the gamblers they cut all contact to him. Jiho becomes desperate and asks Daniel to forgive him for his crimes. Crystal calls Kouji, and they help Jiho get his money back.
Jae Yeol's Wallet
Jiho had just gotten his mom to buy him a new Vibe limited edition backpack, and his friends were fawning over it. However, when Jiho was with Jay and Daniel, the girls didn't notice him but, instead, at Jay and Daniel. Feeling jealous, Jiho decides to steal Jay's wallet and pull a prank on it. He discovers Jay has a lot of money in his wallet and tries to return it, and is met with difficulty. He eventually makes it to Jay's house and returns the wallet.
Fake Bank Account
Jiho is lonely because Daniel's friends leave him out. He befriends James Gong, a former classmate who used to be a problem kid. James is nice to Jiho but a little bit crazy. Regardless, he likes having a friend.
James asks Jiho to give him some money a lot, so he makes him a bank account. James sells this bank account to Jin Jang, who uses it to scam people and make money for the God Dogs. Jiho can't get his account back so he tries to find the scammers. Zack decides to help him, and with his friends they manage to find the bank accounts.
At school, Jiho is a laughingstock for getting into scams. He feels miserable because he can't do anything for himself. He tries to cut James out of revenge but James is stronger than him. Daniel saves Jiho and he tries to get him to calm down but Jiho gets mad at him. He pushes Daniel and James out a window on the fifth floor.
[
1
]
Daniel Park's Death
A detective interrogates Jiho and he claims that Daniel and James fought each other. The detective says tat Jiho was the only witness for the scene. Jiho tells himself that he didn't lie about anything, just didn't tell them the full story. Jiho prays that they don't wake up so that he can get away with his crime. The detective see' Jiho's faint smirk and starts to suspect him.
[
2
]
Juvenile Prison
Jiho is placed in juvenile prison for attempted murder. He gets bullied by Darius Hong numerous times, and is made to do disgusting tasks in the prison cell. He takes care of Wally Lee's plant and he protects him until he starts neglecting it. Wally almost kills him, and he is placed in solitary again.
Jiho gets bullied again and attacks Darius in a bathroom. He is placed in solitary confinement and slowly becomes insane. Jiho challenges Darius to a fight again and almost kills him by fighting dirty and fighting to the death. Jake becomes interested in Jiho and he gives him the advice to fight to the death. He later changes his looks to looking more of a teenage murderer.
Juvenile Prison Jiho Park
Jiho is assigned a psychologist to look at his case. He pretends to be a kindhearted boy so the psychologist will grant him release from the prison. The psychologist is at first, impressed with Jiho, for Jiho admits to his crimes while drawing a house with two windows and a windmill on the top. While nobody is watching he does horrific acts to the other inmates in his cell, bullying Riley and trying to push Jason Yoon into a saw, now that he is in charge of most of the prison after his brutal victory against Darius Hong. Jake accepts him into Big Deal and other inmates decide to listen to Jiho out of fear of his personality. Once he is in the clear to leave prison, he attacks the psychologist, for talking about Jiho's past, saying that you cannot just look into somebody's past like that before he slams a metal lunch tray at the side of the psychologist's head, knockin him out down to the ground. Jiho takes the psychologist's fidget spinner before prison guards rush into the lunchroom. The majority of other prisoners stand up to Jiho by saying they were the ones who injured the psychologist. Before Darius Hong was chosen to be released from the prison, he accepts Jiho's order to take care of Hostel before awaiting his command, in which Darius lovely agrees to.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 171
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 172