Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Jin Jang used to be the head of the K-House crew in Gangbuk. His crew was one of the largest in the area, and they made their money running scams on fake bank accounts. When Johan Seong took over the crew he forced them to stop their operations. They betrayed him, and he was disqualified as Gun's successor.
Since then, Jin Jang moved to Big Deal and alligning with Hostel A, along with the remaining God Dog members. Even after that, they have moved to Workers. His goal is to destroy the Burn Knuckles and J High as revenge.
Fake Bank Account
When Vasco storms into the room where the God Dogs are staying, he is sitting on the couch with a blonde-haired girl. He sees Vasco and recognizes him from the picture on his phone.
[
1
]
When Vasco starts fighting the gang, he doesn't move and just watches. Once everyone is beat up except for him, he compliments Vasco for his power. He then gets up to fight Vasco. It is revealed that Jin's power is in being able to predict his opponents. At first, Jin beats up Vasco badly, but Vasco then starts to change his fighting style.
[
2
]
He beats Jin using Muay Thai, a fighting style taught to him by
Brekdak
[
3
]
God Dog
Jin Jang goes to the gas station to harass Vasco. He beats Vasco and gets him to drink petrol so he won't hurt the Burn Knuckles or the gas station workers. Vasco stops holding back once the juniors arrive, and Jin gets beaten by Vasco.
He betrays Johan by knocking him to the ground with a stick. He tells Johan that he has been studying his weakness, and he identified it as selfishness. Johan starts beating him until Gun comes and stops the fight. The other God Dogs leave and follow Jin Jang as their leader. Jerry Kwon is sent to be Jin's henchman.
Runaway Fam
Jin Jang proposes the God Dog, Big Deal and Hostel unite to defeat the Burn Knuckles.
Hostel Prologue
Jin Jang meets with Olly Wang and forms an alliance with Big Deal and Hostel A.
Jin Jang's Analysis
Jin Jang goes to J High and analyzes their fighters. He comes up with a plan to destroy J High.
Hostel
Jin Jang sets his plan in motion.
References
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 168
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 169
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 170