"
Can you copy the generations i've lived through?
"
—Jinyeong Park  in
episode
Ep. 470
Jinyeong Park (박진영 Park Jin Young)
is a minor antagonist first appearing in
Workers (1st Affiliate)
.  He's
Daniel Park
uncle. He was also the commander of the strike force of the
Gapryong Kim's Fist Gang
and he was the main rival of
Charles Choi
, who, like Charles, knows about the existence of two bodies and about his weakness.
At the moment, the Jinyeong is in a very bad psychological and spiritual state, because of this, he takes pills that obscure his knowledge about the past, so as not to go crazy from events in the past. He is also responsible for the transformation and mutation of
No. 1
, Jinyeong, saving his life, greatly changed the appearance and physique of Hangyeoul, after which he became the main combat unit and one of the leaders of the
Workers (1st Affiliate)
.
Appearance
Jinyeong is a fairly tall, slender guy with a muscular physique. He has black disheveled hair. He is seen donning a white lab coat over a black turtleneck with navy blue trousers. His appearance when young has been noted to be similar to that of (OG) Daniel Park.
Personality
At this point of the story, he has a bit of a "mad scientist" temperament. He is mentally unstable, and start to act cruelly when someone does something he doesn't like, such as torturing Daniel Park by stabbing him with dozens of needles because he smiled despite being in a very tough situation.
Still, his personality, temperament and self-control worsen even more when he is reminded in some way of things/people from his past. Until it gets to the point where he starts banging his head against the wall until he passes out, or taking his medication to forget certain things again.
Nonetheless, according to Eugene and Tom Lee's comments, it seems like he didn't have that personality pan originally, but rather that it appeared after he went crazy.
Relationships
Gapryong's Fist
Gapryong Kim
As a former colleague and best friend of
Gapryong Kim
, Jinyeong respected and appreciated him very much, during a meeting with
Tom Lee
, Jinyeong immediately attacked him, blaming Tom for the murder, feeling guilt and deep hatred, despair and sadness remembering the past with Gapryong and his murder. There is also a sense of rivalry and parity between them, they also often competed and checked which of them was stronger.
Tom Lee
Jinyeong Park thinks of him as an enemy, because he strongly believes that Tom Lee is responsible for Gapryong Kim's death. Jinyeong went into a fit after seeing Tom Lee, immediately attacking him especially after hearing him say "Elite".
Also, Tom Lee created the White Tiger Job Center with the principal hope of finding Jinyeong Park, meaning business is definitely happening between them.
Charles Choi
As a former colleague of Jinyeong in Gapryong Kim's Fist Gang, their relationship hasn't been clarified yet, but seeing the fact that Park Jinyeong reacts very strongly whenever he hears Charles' nickname (Elite), it seems that something is going on between the two of them.
In the most recent chapters, Jinyeong has been referred to as Charles Choi's biggest weakness, apart from the evidence Bakgu Noh possessed that proved his hand in the cover-up of Gapryong Kim's death.
Bakgu Noh
As a former member of Gapryong's Fist Gang, a member of the pre-generation, and a person who worked as Gapryong Kim's driver, he is familiar with Jinyeong. However, they may have a fairly close relationship, as he refers to Daniel with the Korean honorific "도련님" ("Young Master") as soon as he recognizes his resemblance with Jinyeong.
2nd Generation
Jake Kim
In a flashback, Jake Kim stated that as a child, he remembered visiting the clinic and seeing Jinyeong Park, his uncle. Jinyeong Park treated Jake kindly, and gave him whatever he wanted. In the present, Jinyeong didn't recognize Jake as he went through a traumatic truth alone, and thus went crazy and couldn't remember him. He regained his grip on reality later on and helped Jake Kim and Allied
Jake Kim as a child hugging Jinyeong Park
Daniel Park
This article is a
stub
. You can help Lookism Wikia by
expanding it
.
Reason: {{{reason why}}}.
Daniel Park is Jinyeong's nephew
Synopsis
History
Details about his past are still unknown, but during the
0th Generation
he was the head of activities of the Gapryong Fist, he fought alongside
Gapryong Kim
to defeat a greater power, thus achieving peace.
After that, he entered the field of medicine and pharmaceuticals (for reasons not yet revealed), and at some point, he lost his sanity, probably as a result of discovering something.
At some other point in the
2nd Generation
, Jinyeong joins the
Workers
, both to hide from
Charles Choi
(because he knows his weakness), but also to unite with as many powers as possible to take him down.
Fighting Prowess
His fighting style hasn't been revealed yet, but it has been disclosed that he is among the three persons in the entire verse that possesses the Copying Ability (the other two being Daniel Park and Johan Seong).
Jinyeong Park after a fight, when he was in Gapryong Kim's Fist Gang.
Moreover, although he is probably far from his heyday level of fighting, if we consider his position in Gapryong's Fist Gang, it's clear that he is a strong man with enough fighting power to have the upper hand on a character such as
Tom Lee
, who is recognized in the verse and acknowledged by the author as one of the strongest fighters.
Jinyeong attacking Tom Lee
That aside, he is the only one among the executives of Gapryong's Fist Gang that has not suffered any physical damage (for reference,
Elite
lost his arm, and
Tom Lee
his hand). Instead, he seems to suffer from a severe mental illness that would greatly decrease his combat capability, which could be seen as a worse handicap than Charles Choi's missing arm or Tom Lee's missing hand.
Jinyeong Park's Unknown Brother Theory
It was recently confirmed that Daniel's mother is the eldest of three siblings, for now we know that one of them is Jinyeong Park, while little or nothing is known about the other brother.
In chapter 403, Jinyeong Park says "My brother!" after shouting "Elite!", he then asks to be killed as well. This could mean that Jinyeong Park's brother died or something terrible happened to him because of Charles Choi, it could be the reason why Seonhui Park believes that he died too.
Whatever happened to her with the unknown brother could be the reason why Jinyeong Park lost his sanity.
Quotes
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. Your uncle is so sorry...! Your uncle should've protected you... but I was so foolish and lacking...! Uncle should've been the one to protect everything.. your uncle should've protected everyone...! I'm so sorry that I let your dad die..."
"You brat, did you forget what your uncle told you? That I would do anything, for you Jake. That's right. From now on, your uncle will be on your side."
Gallery
James Lee (Arc)
Ep. 359
- Gen 0
Ep. 359
- Gen 0 2
Workers (4th Affiliate)
Ep. 295
- 10 geniuses
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
Ep. 377
- Neko talking about Gapryong Fist
Ep. 393
- Eugene talking about Jinyoung
Ep. 393
- Jinyoung smiling
The Kidnapping of Daniel Park
Ep. 394
- Daniel trying to negotiate with Jinyoung
Ep. 394
- Jinyoung annoyed by Daniel
Ep. 395
- Daniel reveals his secret
Ep. 396
- Jinyoung shocked
Ep. 396
- Jinyoung complaining
Ep. 397
- Gun talking about Copy Geniuses
Ep. 398
- Jinyoung's flashback
The Hunt for Hostel
Ep. 402
- Jinyoung vs Tom
Ep. 402
- Jinyoung vs Tom 2
Ep. 402
- Jinyoung vs Tom 1 & 2
Ep. 403
- Tom knocks Jinyoung with a syringe
The Hunt for Big Deal
Ep. 411
- Jake talking about Gapryong Fist 1
Ep. 411
- Jake talking about Gapryong Fist 2
Ep. 418
- Tom's flashback
Ep. 427
- Daniel's flashback
Ep. 428
- Daniel's flashback
The United Four Major Crews
Ep. 430
- Jinyeong's photo
Ep. 431
- Jinyeong experimenting on Samuel
Holidays 2
Ep. 432
- Daniel's mother holding Jinyeong's photo
Ep. 433
- Daniel's father with Jinyoung Park
Ep. 433
- Daniel's father with Jinyoung Park 2
Ep. 434
- Daniel holding Jinyeong's photo
Ep. 439
- Bakgu reveal
Ep. 440
- Bakgu talking about revenge against Charles
Ep. 441
- Jichang talking about Jinyeong & Elite
Funeral
Ep. 442
- Bongae telling Jake to find Jinyeong
Lookism (Arc)
Ep. 443
- Jinyeong on the phone
Ep. 444
- Jinyeong scares Samuel
Ep. 445
- Jinyeong looking back
Ep. 446
- Daniel holding unconscious Jinyeong
The First Affiliate's Dark Secret
Ep. 448
- Jinyeong entering his lab
Workers (1st Affiliate)
Ep. 451
- Jinyeong with Johan, Samuel & Daniel
Ep. 462
- Jinyeong getting his plan ready
Ep. 463
- Daniel's flashback
Ep. 464
- Jinyeong experimenting on Johan
Ep. 466
- Jinyeong putting Samuel into frenzy
Ep. 468
- Jinyeong copies Gapryong
Ep. 469
- Jinyeong copy Tom
Ep. 469
- Jake Kim as a child hugging Jinyoung Park
Ep. 469
- Jinyeong helping Jake
Ep. 470
- Jinyeong using Gapryong's technique
Ep. 470
- Big Daniel copying Gapryong
Ep. 470
- Jinyeong's experience
Ep. 471
- Daniel's flashback
Ep. 474
- Gyeoul's flashback
Ep. 475
- Tom talking about Jinyeong
Ep. 476
- Daniel's flashback 2
Ep. 477
- Sera stops Daniel
Ep. 478
- Johan's flashback
A Drink Between Brothers
Ep. 479
- Jerry's flashback
Unknown Chapter/Arc
Unknown Chapter/Arc
Trivia
He seems to know someone other than
Daniel Park
that also has two bodies, seeing his reaction when he learned that Daniel indeed had two. It makes him the third person (along with
DG
and
Charles
) that knows for sure about Daniel's two bodies.
He is almost certainly the person responsible for the making of the medicine that
Olly Wang
and
Sinu Han
were seen taking.
He's named after Singer Park Jin-young from JYP Entertainment.
References
↑
https://namu.wiki/w/%EB%B0%95%EC%A7%84%EC%98%81(%EB%B0%95%ED%83%9C%EC%A4%80%2520%EC%9C%A0%EB%8B%88%EB%B2%84%EC%8A%A4)
Listed in the Korean wiki
Navigation
v
•
e
Minor Character Navigation
Adults
Aru Lee
•
Brekdak
•
Daniel's mother
•
Daniel's Manager
•
Johan's mother
•
Lasol
•
Oliver Jang
Minors
Woojin
•
Daehoon Shin
•
Seonong Ham
•
Soomi
•
Stalker Girl
•
TikTacTok Girl
•
Wally Lee
•
Yenna Jang
•
Yeonhui
•
Yong Lee
Animals
Enu
•
Eden
•
Miro
•
Ryan the Cat