Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Johan grew up with his mother in a poor neighborhood; his father is never seen, though he was told by his mother he's in the US, it's later revealed his mother is a widow. He knew Zack and Mira because they all attended the same church, and he had faith in God until his life went downhill.
Johan's mother supported Johan by working as a hair stylist in her own hair salon, but she lost many customers due to her growing blindness. She told Johan to behave in school because life was getting more difficult for them, and Johan grew resentful of how the other kids could act out of line without consequences while he had to worry about his behavior because of his mother.
Johan was often bullied at his junior high school
[
1
]
, with Zack often stepping in to defend him. Just like Zack, he had a crush on Mira.
[
1
]
However, he gave up on her after the Cult arc.
After he saved his mother from the cult, he disappeared to collect money for a cornea transplant to restore his mother's sight. Johan became infamous for stealing the shoes of people he fought (presumably selling them afterwards for money), an idea given in passing by
Samuel Seo
during his time at Big
Deal
. Even after he collected all the money, his mother couldn't get the treatment because she was on a long waiting list. When Johan hears that Gun can save his mother, he trains under Gun to become his successor and is given the task of uniting the four crews.
Johan created his crew,
God Dog
, after dropping out of middle school. He took over
Jin Jang
's old gang and conquered many other gangs in Gangbuk. He wanted to take over Gangdong, but lost in a fight to
Hostel
's
Eli Jang
. As a result, he was forced to give up the region to Hostel.
Johan used his raw talent to further his crew's money making ability, but after repeated involvement with the members of J High School, his defeat to Gun and betrayal of Jin Jang he became the only God Dog; however, Johan and many other stated that he was the only God Dog from the start. The majority of God Dog was absorbed by
Big Deal
, leaving Johan to continue collecting money for his mother's treatment on his own. He really wants to come back home. But he is afraid that his mother will collapsed if she finds out that he has the same disease as hers.
Animal Cruelty
Johan first appears in present time exercising with Eden. When Eden gets into a fight with Enu, he meets Daniel and the two begin chatting with each other. Johan hears Daniel talking down about his gang, so he initially decides to beat him. After witnessing Daniel's incredible stamina and strength, he decides against it.
When the two of them get their dogs stolen, Daniel helps Johan look for his dog. Johan thanks Daniel and reveals that he is the leader of the God Dogs. Still hesitant, he decides to ask his second in command to confirm whether Daniel is a friend or not.
God Dog Arc
When Jin Jang gets beaten by Vasco, he lies that Vasco wanted to start a gang war with Johan. Johan gets angry and decides to go to war with the Burn Knuckles. Johan sends his gang members to find the Burn Knuckles and pay them back. He approaches Vasco and challenges him to a fight, but Vasco refuses to fight back. Despite all of his fighting skills, Johan cannot overpower Vasco. He is angry and decides to leave.
Johan asks Daniel to meet him in a park later, and offers him a position in God Dog, saying he trusts Daniel and that they will make a great team. Daniel refuses because he doesn't want to be a part of a gang. Johan gets angry and in response decides to beat Daniel before he is attacked by his gang mutinying, who say that they were never friends to begin with. Johan is in the middle of destroying his gang when Gun shows up to tell him he is disqualified from being his successor. Johan begs him to reconsider, but Gun refuses because he is terrible at leading his gang, let alone four gangs.
Johan tries to fight Gun but he is tired and easily outmatched. Gun decides to take out his teeth when Zack interferes and begins fighting on Johan's behalf. He is stunned at how unified Daniel's friends are and how much they care about him, unlike his own gang. He decides to run away again, and breaks his wish bracelet as well.
Runaway Fam Arc
Johan comes to Gangdong to ask Olly Wang where Gun is. Olly begins teasing him, so they start fighting until Jerry Kwon breaks them up. Olly Wang offers Johan a meal if he sits down to talk business with them, and he agrees to come, but refuses to join Hostel.
Jin Jang asks Johan to help him get revenge, and if he does then he will tell him where Gun is. When he asks about Jake, Jin Jang says he will leave Jake out of their business. When the meal is done, Johan gets up to leave but is stopped by the waiter, who asks him to pay the bill. He is confused, because Olly Wang promised to pay the bill, but it turns out he lied.
One Night
Johan boards a train to Cheongliang to meet the CEO of HNH group, who is also Gun's boss. He believes that if he reveals who he is and gives the money then he will help move his mother up the waiting list. On the way there, he spots Jace hanging out with a girl from Hostel. Confused at his intentions, he reveals to Jace that he is falling in love with an enemy member.
Johan follows Jace to a restaurant so he can watch the news, and witnesses Seth Lee take the girl away. Jace approaches him to ask him to help find the girl and he refuses, because he doesn't trust Jace. Later on he reconsiders, and accepts to help him while emphatizing they are not friends: they are signing a contract, with Jace paying his meal, and Johan helping him out for that one night. The contract is for Johan an insurance so that Jace doesn't lie to him like Olly did.
The two of them wander around Cheongliang looking for the girl, first at a tea house, and then at a gambling house. When Seth Lee attacks Jace, Johan decides to fight him and wins. They make it to the girl, who is blocked by the uncles of Hostel. However, when they see Johan they get scared and clear the way for him to walk through. Jace asks Johan to stay and help some more but he refuses, because his contract is over.
The next day, Johan confronts the CEO. When he recognizes Johan as a gang leader he ignores him and tells Goo to take care of him. Goo kicks Johan's money out of his hands and Johan decides to fight him, but gets beaten badly. Before he leaves, Goo tells him that he stands a chance against Gun.
Hostel
As Johan was indebted to him, Jace asked him to watch over his friends in Gangdong and help them out if necessary. Johan watch from the top of a building the fight between team J High (Daniel, Zack, Vasco, Logan, Vin, Jay and Eli) with Hostel B, and team Hostel A, supported by Jerry Kwon and K House. At one point, Johan judges he should go down and help them, but seeing how things turn out with the arrival of Derek and Max, he decides his help is not needed and just leaves.
Workers (4th Affiliate)
Johan
visits
Justin
and
Chuck
at a food stall and asks if they know where
Gun
is. They tell him they don't, and they're also too busy to search for him.
Zack
sits down next to him and asks Johan if he's ready to go home now. Johan says he's never listened to Zack before, so the latter decides to beat him and take him home regardless.
VS Johan Seong
Johan and
Zack
begin fighting as Zack swears to bring him home. Johan is surprised to see how strong Zack became, but he is still stronger than him. He missed on one shot, and Zack realizes that Johan is going blind. When Zack asks why
his mother
isn't enough of a reason to return, Johan tells Zack that revenge is all he has left. His mother will be heartbroken if she realizes that he is going blind as well. Zack swears to help Johan defeat
Gun
and the
four crews.
Johan goes to the White Tiger agency for an interview.
Johan later goes to White Tiger Job Center to ask about
Gun's
whereabouts.
Tom Lee
asks him to spar as practice, and Johan gets tossed around but is still standing. Tom is impressed by Johan, thinking that he had not expected to see someone as talented as
Goo
or Gun during his lifetime. Tom recruits Johan as an intern for his company, despite his protests.
Jake Kim
After the
chairman of Workers
asked him on the phone to send his men back to the Workers,
Tom Lee
decides to send an intern (Johan) to the third affiliate.
One Night II
Sent to the third affiliate as White Tiger Company's intern, Johan enters in Vivi's room on Jake bullshitting his way into being hired by pretending to be the one sent by the White Tiger. Johan recognizes Jake, who then attempts to leave, but Xiaolong stabs the wall with his scimitar.
Jake tells Xiaolong that White Tiger Company sent two people, and there has been a miscommunication. Xiaolong decides to call Tom Lee and ask if he sent two people, and Tom surprisingly says that he did send two people (one of them being Gabriel Park, one of the guards Vasco defeated) and that only Johan needs to be interviewed. Johan is suspicious of Jake's persona but Xiaolong and Vivi are convinced he is legitimate. Jake decides to become a bouncer to find more information about
Sinu
. As Vasco is raising a commotion and fighting the guards, Xiaolong tells both of them that he only needs one bouncer, and the one who manages to get Vasco out of the club is the one who will be chosen. In reality, Xiaolung is setting them up for failure as he expects both of them to be defeated by Vasco. He doesn't trust the White Tiger because he thinks the chairman of Workers is using them to spy on the third affiliate.
The two of them confront Vasco, but he refuses to fight them, saying they are both good guys. Johan rejects the offer and says he will continue to fight, and that he learned some moves from a guy in Gangbuk who knows taekwondo (
Taehun Seong
). Johan and Jake decide to take turns to fight Vasco, 10 minutes each.
Johan is fighting well using only his taekwondo. Jake is surprised at how much stronger Johan has become, and becomes more resolved to get the position.
Johan asks Vasco why he isn't fighting back, and Vasco says he has been fighting back. Vasco recalls Brekdak telling him the past that if he ever comes across a genius fighter, he should beat him before he has the chance to copy his attacks. He gears up to use Brekdak's 10th Forbidden Skill and Johan readies a 1080 degree kick, but Jake grabs Johan by the leg and tells him that his 10 minutes are up. Johan asks if he can do as much in 10 minutes, and Jake says he can win in 10 seconds, giving Vasco his 500 won so he can leave. Johan is about to be fired but Vivi protests, saying Xiaolong is jealous of his looks. Xiaolong surprisingly allows Johan to stay with them.
Club
Johan and Jake are playing word association when they come across Daniel, who is surprised that the heads of crews are working as bouncers.
As Jake left with Daniel, believing he must know something about Sinu Han since he is a VVIP, Johan is standing outside by himself when Sowol Jin asks him where his partner is. When he tells her bluntly, she says she doesn't like his attitude towards an executive member of Workers. She tries to hit him but he flips her and catches her. She is embarassed and says that she will tell someone about this.
Johan goes to Xiaolong because Sowol smelled like the drugs from the Pungsan cult he suffered through as a child. He says he has a question to ask him. Xiaolong asks if Vivi is ready, and since she is not he asks Johan to come with him.
Later, Jake switch off with him as bouncer.
Workers (3rd Affiliate)
Zack, Vasco and Eli coming to rescue Daniel are blocked by Johan. He refuses to move since
Xiaolong
promised to tell him about Pungsan if he does a good job. As the three are having a hard time fighting Johan, Vasco and Zack catch his legs to allow Eli to go ahead without them. When he disappears inside, Zack tells Vasco that he should go as well to help save people, although he is not sure if he can beat Johan.
As team J High and Big Deal's Jake, Jerry and Lineman are fighting their way up the building, Samuel Seo calls Xiaolong and asks him if he’s scared he will go down. Xiaolong says he doesn’t need help, since Johan is reliable enough.
Johan notices Sowol packing up the drugs and asks what’s going on. He bumps into one of the workers and is shocked by his disfigured face. Johan asks if they are from the Workers and Sowol says they were brought by the mainland, but are not Workers.
As Xiaolung called for backup against the Big Deal's intruders, Johan makes  his way to Vivi’s room with Sowol when they run into Samuel. Samuel asks Johan why he’s working with the third affiliate when they’re responsible for the Punsang cult. Sowol is confused what Pungsan has to do with Johan, but he tells her to spill the beans or he will kill everyone. Johan beats all the guards with Sowol, and she cowers on the floor. Samuel offers Johan space under his umbrella, and Johan asks where Vivi is.
Hwang Ho and Vasco prepare to fight each other when Johan walks by. They try to talk to him but he one shots them and walks away.
Eli is in the elevator when Johan opens the door and demands a badge. Eli asks if Johan thinks he is some pushover, and Johan orders him to give the badge or else he will kill him.
Johan throws Eli’s coat in his face and Eli bats it away. He notices Yenna’s toy in the air and grabs it, but Johan kicks him into the wall and knocks him out. Johan is surprised Eli left himself open for attack just to get this toy, and he takes his badge.
As Samuel, Jake and Jerry are struggling against the drugged body of Big Daniel in ultra instinct, Samuel tells small Daniel to take Vivi and run. He is knocked to the ground by Johan, who picks up Vivi by the hair. Large Daniel notices him and tosses Samuel aside, and Johan tosses Vivi aside.
Johan’s past enemies and friends hype up how powerful he is as he’s fighting Daniel’s UI form, with Samuel and Jake watching. UI Daniel uses the kyokushin and a triple kick on Johan, followed by systema and capoeira. While Johan is simply copying moves, Daniel has mastered them. Johan does know that he's outmatched, but he keeps fighting in order to gain some experience for fighting Gun, until he is eventually overpowered.
References
↑
1.0
1.1
Webtoon,
Episode 132: Cult (01)