Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Family
Johan's mother
TBA
Miro
TBA
Eden
TBA
J High School
Mira Kim
As a child, and during his teens, he used to be in love with Mira and seemed to care a lot for her. One of his wishes was for him to always protect her. They were good friends and went to church together along with Zack. They also attended the same middle school together. Later, he distances himself from her to keep her from knowing what happened to his mother.
Zack Lee
Zack beats up Johan's bullies
He and Zack were friends as a child. Sometimes Zack would visit his mother, along with him and Mira to get a haircut. He is shown to be in good terms with him and gave Johan a candy which he didn't like.
Johan used to be jealous about Zack's strength. Zack used to protect Johan from bullies by beating them up. Johan used to be embarrassed by it, especially if Mira had witnessed it. He slowly tried to edge away from Zack to keep away from knowing what happened to his mother.
During the middle school boxing championship, he was Zack's last opponent and surprisingly defeated him and won the championship. He humiliated him in front of Mira on purpose, souring their relationship and causing Zack to quit boxing. Despite this Zack still considers Johan a friend, and saves him from Gun at the end of the God Dog arc.
Daniel Park
Johan met Daniel Park (in his new body) when both were jogging with each of their dogs. They start talking and decide to race against each other. Surprisingly, Johan won but just barely. This was probably because Daniel had already ran 3 miles prior to their race.
When their dogs went missing, both went to the bottom of it to recover their missing pets (as well as several other people's). Johan considers him as a friend and even asks Daniel to join the God Dogs. However, when Daniel rejects his offer he changes his mind about him.
[
1
]
Jace Park
During the One Night Arc, Johan and Jace form an uneasy alliance. Jace shows much kindness to Johan during this period while also massively respecting his great strength and prestige. During the duration of this deal, the duo mostly was willing to work with each other despite a couple of difficulties in Jace's eccentric planning and Johan's impatience. Jace described Johan as a ticking time bomb that was hard to keep under control.
[
2
]
Nevertheless, they end the deal on equal terms but still not exactly friends.
Other
Jong Gun
Gun first meets Johan in an alley to ask see if he would be a likely candidate for being his successor. He had heard about Johan's reputation - someone who works in the day and robs street thugs at night - before meeting him. Johan yearns to be Gun's successor so he can be high enough in position to move his mother up the waiting list for her eye surgery. After being abandoned by Gun, Johan became determined to beat him and take his position by force.
Cult Leader
TBA
References
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 171
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 259