Lang Jin
is the disciple of
Gapryong Kim
, part of the
1st Generation
and the King Of Busan, the second largest city in Korea. He was imprisoned during the 1st Generation for killing the previous King of Busan- Dalyoung Oh. Upon his release from prison, he went back to Busan where his crew reunited under him.
He was later confronted by
Allied
and Kings Of the 1st Generation.
Appearance
Lang Jin appears to be a tall and muscular man in either his late twenties or early thirties. He has sunken black eyes, scruffy black hair with a short goatee accompained by a moustache, as well a unusual scar below his left eye that resembles scales. Upon his release from prison, he is shown wearing a black polo shirt under a dark gray business suits and black pants (he occasionally wears a white shirt instead). He also wears golden-yellow rings on both hands that read 'Busan' and 'Purgatory'. After his fight against Kitae Kim, Lang permanently lost his left arm after having it get chopped off by the former King.
His trademark part of his appareance is the large tattoo on his back shaped like a realistic wolf head.
Personality
An unwanted person since birth, without even having a name, Lang Jin grew up being raised to never disobey those at the top of the hierarchy and to obey them like a dog. Thus, Lang in the past was someone without any ambition or prospects for growth in life, doing the minimum to live and the possible to protect
Jungseok Hwang
and
Sang Baek
, who he considers his little brothers.
For a long time, Lang maintained this lifestyle and thinking, until he heard
Jichang Kwak's
scolding, which made him realize that his lack of ambition and perspective kept him hostage to fate, which also affected his little brothers. After that, he fights against Dayoung Oh, ceasing to be a dog and consolidating himself as the "Wolf".
Later, Lang extends his protective personality to all of Busan. And after returning from prison, he shows great hatred towards James Lee and anyone who threatens Busan or
his family
.
He is also very charismatic, and not without mercy, such as his fight against Gongseob Ji, he showed mercy when the latter was down and unable to get back up. He is also a capable leader, being able to boost the positive energy within the people of Busan after he defeated the previous King of Busan; gaining the respect of all of Busan's people.
Fighting Prowess
As the first champion of the Busan underworld and one of the kings of the 1st Generation, Lang Jin is one of the strongest characters in the series, being feared and respected throughout Busan. He easily took down two members of the Allies with just one blow each without them having time to react, applying enough force to dent a steel container and open a crater in a concrete floor with the force of his blows. He is powerful enough to fight simultaneously against the kings of
Daegu
and
Ansan
, having the upper hand for most of the fight by withstanding their strongest attacks without faltering while inflicting heavy damage on them. He was so powerful that even
Daniel Park
had to use the fighting style of the former
King of Seoul
. Despite being in his perfect body fighting against Jinrang - who was injured by the previous fight against two kings of the 1st Generation, Daniel still proved to be inferior in an exchange of blows with the King of Busan, who surpassed him in both strength and endurance.
Using the Gapryong Kim Style, he can wield the rare
Mastery
of Conviction
, which allows him to surpass his limits with his strong will to protect those he cares about, even delivering very powerful and destructive punches capable of destroying the strongest defenses and even overcoming users of the
Mastery of Resistance
and inflicting critical damage.
Lang Jin, even injured and tired from previous fights, managed to remain conscious after an attack by
Gitae Kim
and after witnessing the death of his foster brothers Baek and Hwang to protect him, Lang reached a new level of "Conviction" represented by the intense purple glow in his eyes and his scar that increased his strength, speed and resistance to the point of pressuring and even forcing Gitae to keep his guard up to protect himself from his attacks that were hurting him and making him bleed, something that none of the other characters in the work managed to do. The power of his punches were so strong that the bones in his arms were beginning to break with each blow exerting a force greater than his body could withstand.
Wolf Style
Lang Jin's fighting style consists of using his elbows to fight in close quarters for both offense and defense, being compared to "fangs" being able to cut and inflict serious damage to the Kings of Daegu and Ansan and easily block most of their attacks.
Gapryong Kim Style
Lang Jin's true strength lies in his fists. As a former disciple of
Gapryong Kim
, he learned from him his techniques and fighting style, which consisted of charging his fists with
Conviction
: the desire to protect. His punches were so powerful that with just one blow he was able to knock out the King of Daegu in a counterattack. Even Daniel Park's copying ability proven to be ineffective when he tried to copy this style, as he only replicated the movements but not the "Conviction" behind the punches, which led to Lang describing them as "Empty Fists". At the height of his fight against Gitae, Jirang reached a new level of "Conviction" that surpassed all his limits where his punches became so powerful that the bones in his hand broke with the impact of his blows that pressured Gitae to raise his guard to protect himself as they were capable of injuring him and making him bleed.
Gallery
Workers (1st Affiliate)
Ep. 468
- Daniel copying Jinrang
Busan
Ep. 529
- Lang Jin's First Appearance
Lang Jin Full Body 1
Lang Jin Back
Ep. 530
Ep. 539
Jinrang's Choice
References