“
People are so funny. I'm just fast yet they say i surpassed Mastery or whatever.
”
— James Lee about Mastery,
Ep. 491
Mastery
, a type of Awakening a fighter has during training, or during battle, is a sign of their exponential growth in that specific area. So far, there are 3 known stages of Mastery and 4 fields of them. Some characters do not possess any types of Mastery at all, but still are comparable to top-tier fighters. When a fighter has surpassed Mastery, their eyes glow in the respective color with respect to their Mastery.
Stages of Mastery
Path
To achieve Mastery, the fighter needs to push his body to its limits for a short period of time, to the point of "forgetting who you are", thus becoming completely miserable with himself. After that, the fighter must find and challenge someone who is on another level, so that they feel completely powerless against them, in a sensation similar to "facing a wall".
Surpassing The Wall
Only after the stages of the "Path", the fighter will have to look at this challenge and rise against this situation, thus reaching a stage known as the "Stage to Mastery", or also known as "Overcoming the Wall". During this stage, the fighter begins to grow frighteningly quickly during the fight against the powerful opponent, thus reaching Mastery.
Achieving Mastery
After these arduous stages, the fighter reaches Mastery, when reaching a Mastery, the feeling is as if he had accomplished something in an area of ​​fighting, thus reaching the "threshold" corresponding to its main aspects. For example, Hudson Ahn achieved Strength mastery because he trained his right fist nonstop, and Seongji Yuk tapped into Speed mastery because he believed in his physical abilities.
Fields of Mastery
As previously stated, Mastery has several fields one can specialize in, of which we have seen five. These fields are visually represented by a colored glow in the eyes and/or colored "effects" in the blows delivered corresponding to the type of Mastery. These types of Mastery can be combined with one another, for example when James Lee fought Seongji Yuk in chapter 491 some of his attacks were purple, which could possibly be a combination of the threshold of speed and technique.
Strength
Taesoo Ma using his Strength to land a attack on James Lee
Being represented by the color red, Mastery of strength is used by powerful fighters, those who have surpassed Mastery in strength have superhuman physical power, being able to demolish walls, carry steel bars and perform other related feats with certain ease.
In a fight, those who have superior strength can break their opponents' defense and pressure them with their physical power.
Speed
Gongseop Ji using his Speed ​​to catch up James Lee
Being represented by the color blue, the Mastery of speed is used by agile and even unreachable fighters, those who surpassed in speed are extremely fast, being able to cover long distances in seconds, dodge deadly blows and perform related feats with certain ease, in addition being one of the requirements to achieve Invisible Strike.
In a fight, those who have overcome the speed threshold are able to land several consecutive blows in a fight, being highly evasive and being able to even confuse their opponent with their speed.
Durability
Seongji Yuk using his durability to protect himself from dangerous attacks
Being represented by the color green, the Mastery of durabilty is used by highly physically durability fighters, those who have overcome resistence can last much longer during a fight, as well as even nullifying its damage.
In a fight, those who have overcome their own durability are able to hardening their muscles abnormally, in addition to nullify the pressure of various attacks.
Technqiue
James Lee parrying an powerful attack with his Technique
Being represented by the color light pink, the Mastery of the technique is used for the smartest and most skilled fighters, those who have surpassed their own technique are capable of thinking extremely quickly, thus inventing their own movements and special techniques during the fight, also achieving perform dangerous and complex actions with ease, as well as being one of the requirements to achieve Invisible Attacks.
In a fight, those who have this level of technique are able to put together tactics and create essential blows to pave the way for victory.
Conviction
Jinrang striking Kitae Kim using his Overcome Mastery
Represented by the color purple, Conviction is the Mastery stemming from filling one's attacks with the desire to protect. It has also been implied to carry the ability to block invisible attacks, as demonstrated by Jake Kim during the
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
arc. According to Gapryong Kim, this mastery allows the holder to exercise power beyond their own limits, being able to surpass other Masteries, however, if this power is allowed to stand out too much, it takes a high toll on the user's body.
Notable users include Gapryong Kim, Jake Kim, Jinrang and Dayoung Oh (formerly).
Mastery List
Masteries (by character)