"
How many times must one fight and lose to become invincible?
"
—Minsik Choi to Gapryong Kim  in
episode 380
Minsik Choi is a minor character in Lookism.
Appearance
He appears to be a tall bulky man of unknown age, with a large square-ish head and many wrinkles upon his forehead. His black hair is slicked back, and he wears large square glasses.
He also wears a golden grill on his teeth.
Personality
Though he appears quite polite and courteous at first, an impression reinforced by the scenes of his youth, when tasked with the quest of laying his hands on Sally Park, he disregards her lack of consent and makes a perverted and ominous comment towards her, indicating a hidden perverted nature.
Relationships
Gapryong Fist
Tom Lee
Aside from the fact that they were both members of Gapryong's Fist in the past, Tom seems to hold some affection for Minsik, cheering him on as a spectator and even referring to him as his "Adorable Minsik".
Synopsis
History
Minsik was a member of Gapryong Kim's Fist Gang, however was kicked out and threatened by its second-in-command to leave Korea. He travelled to the Phillipines and became a businessman, however after presumably being drugged during a boat trip, he is brought to the 2nd Affiliate as a participant in The Circus.
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
He showed impressive performance in the circus with his excellent physical ability, but he is defeated by Warren Chae.
Fighting Prowess
Minsik Choi fought head on with no difficulty against Warren Chae and was defeating him easily while talking trash the whole time and only lost once Warren 'awakened' and used CQC (an extremely formidable fighting style taught by Manager Kim to him). A funny thing that indicated his pain tolerance is that he got kneed in the balls by a Sophia trained Daniel Park and an onslaught of attacks of a Manager Kim trained Warren Chae (pre awakening) with little to no damage and smiled and laughed in his face.
Minsik is/was the weakest member of the pre Generation and way past his prime.
Quotes
TBA
Trivia
TBA
Gallery
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
Ep. 377
- Minsik sitting
Ep. 378
- Minsik after fighting
Ep. 379
- Daniel kicking Minsik
Ep. 380
- Minsik's flashback 2
Ep. 380
- Warren's initial CQC range
Ep. 381
- Elite threatens Minsik
Ep. 388
- Taesoo talking about Gen 0
The Kidnapping of Daniel Park
Ep. 395
- Zack's flashback 2
References