Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
Zack, do you know about the boy who cried wolf? He spoke the truth in the end, but no one believed him. You can't judge people so easily.
”
Mira Kim
(김미진 Kim Mi Jin)
is a character in
Lookism
. She is a student in the fashion department of
Jae Won High School
, as well as
Zack Lee
's love interest and one of
Daniel
's friends.
Appearance
Mira is a teenage girl who is considered to be really beautiful and sexy by many of the other characters. She has auburn colored hair with a fringe, coupled with large, dark eyes. Mira has a slim figure, a lower than average stature, and pale skin.
In many chapters, she is shown wearing her school uniform; but when she is not wearing her school uniform, she tends to wear nice and fashionable clothes, which sometimes tend to be pink.
Mira used to wear her hair in two braids in the earlier chapters but later changed her signature hairstyle into a bun.
Personality
She dislikes fighting and believes there are better ways to solve problems. As she gets upset when Zack gets into fights, she is part of the reason why Zack has stopped acting aggressively.
She is kind, caring and helpful. She is also very observant, as can be seen when she noticed that Zack was getting repeatedly upset in the Sports Day as he could not beat Daniel in any of the events. She enjoys studying in the library.
Mira is also very innocent and someone who does not judge people quickly. She has a habit of repeatedly giving people chances, which is shown when she still trusted
Jasmine Huh
even after she framed
Vasco
.
History
Fighting Prowess
Mira has experience with boxing as a child, and was the inspiration for Zack Lee to learn how to fight. She eventually quit boxing and has not been seen using these skills in the series.
Quotes
"Zack, do you know about the boy who cried wolf? He spoke the truth in the end, but no one believed him. You can't judge people so easily."
[
2
]
Trivia
Her Japanese name
Mizuki
means "felicitous omen, auspicious" (瑞) (
mizu
) and "hope" (希) (
ki
).
Mira has a teddy bear charm connected to her phone, similar to the teddy bear toy she had when she was younger.
Among all characters, Mira's character design is the one which has changed the most.
Mira is Christian and attends a church.
[
3
]
[
4
]
References
↑
[1]
↑
Episode 218
↑
Episode 73
↑
Episode 124