Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Background
Zack Lee
,
Johan Seong
and Mira had known each other since they were little. The two boys had been in love with her ever since they were young, but Mira never seemed to directly reciprocate.
Mira had met Johan in a church she used to attend regularly and thus they became friends. She is still somewhat religious, as she prayed before a meal during lunch.
[
1
]
She seems to come from a well off family.
Exposition
Chapter 2
Mira meets Daniel on the streets after Daniel in his original body, had just gotten a haircut. Daniel thought his haircut had made him very handsome, but he just looked like Kim Jong-un. When Daniel finds Mira looking at him, he thinks that she is interested in him, so he smiles at her.
Zack sees Daniel smile at Mira and thinks he's propositioning her. He confronts Daniel, and may have gotten into a fight if Mira had not steered him away, telling him not to act aggressively in public. While walking away, Mira smiles apologetically at Daniel for Zack's behaviour. Daniel takes the smile for flirting and asks Mira and Zack out for coffee. Zack punches Daniel in the face while bystanders took pictures and uploaded them online.
Chapter 4
On the first day of school, bullies are forcing Jiho to fan a magazine up and down because of the heat. When an unattractive girl tells them to stop because she was getting cold, the bullies laugh at her. However, when Mira asks them to stop, the bullies stop immediately.
Chapter 5
When Zack goes to the convenience store where Daniel works at night, he is upset because he thinks Mira is attracted to Daniel in his new body. It was also revealed that Chapter 2 was Zack's date with Mira. Moreover, Zack had asked Mira out, but she had refused. Zack was so mad that he beat Daniel in his original body up.
Chapter 6
When Zack's friends show off the picture of Daniel and compliment Zack's speed, Zack tells them that he isn't proud of hitting Daniel even though he actually wants them to speak up louder so Mira would hear. He thinks that Mira would think he is cool for being very strong. Instead, Mira says that he hates the way Zack fights all the time. She explains that in Chapter 2 Zack had invited her to the movies only to get into a fight (with Daniel). The girl chatting with Mira tells her that Zack used to be a rising boxer in middle school.
When Zack's friend insults Daniel's mother and Daniel tells him he's gone too far, Jae Yeol, Zack's friends, Mira, and Ha Neul look surprised. Zack, however, is outraged because Daniel had made a fool of him in front of Mira.
Ghost Lady
Mira had forgotten her cell phone, and Zack was accompanying her to school to retrieve it when they bumped into Vasco and Bum Jae, scaring Mira. When Zack asks what's so scary about coming to school, Mira tells him of the story of the Ghost Lady, who prowls through the school on rainy days in search of her lost children. It turns out that Vasco was there to find the Ghost Lady because he wanted her to grant him a wish that people wouldn't call him stupid anymore.
Zack, trying to look cool in front of Mira, makes fun of Vasco's superstition, only for Bum Jae to dare him to sign his name on the glass frame surrounding the portrait. Mira, Bum Jae and Vasco waits for him in the classroom. When he returns, he tries to look brave in front of Mira. The next morning, Mira, Daniel, Vasco and Jace go to check out the signature only to find it on the window instead of on the portrait. Zack faints and wets his pants. In the end, he explains that whether he had hallucinated due to fear or had actually seen a ghost, the important thing is that Mira saw him wet his pants.
Zack's Babysitting Diaries
Zack dresses up to meet Mira. When Mira greets him, she is holding a kid and Zack is horrified because he thinks that the kid is Mira's. Mira smacks him and tells Zack that the kid wasn't hers, and she just found the kid alone. She said the kid must've gotten lost. She and Zack take the kid to the police.
The police station is closed for an emergency dispatch. Mira tells Zack they have to split up so that Mira can take the subway to get to the police while Zack should wait at the cafe in case the kid's parents show up. Zack ends up taking the kid instead, growing attached to her. He names the kid "Zami" as a ship name for Zack and Mira.
Zack lets the kid walk on her own and the kid walks out the train without Zack. Zack frantically looks for her at the next stop, but he can't find her and panics.
[
2
]
Mira thankfully happens to find the girl on her way to Zack.
They walk through the city and it is about sunset. Zack leans over and brushes the hair out of Mira's eyes and Mira smiles at him. Two guys start exit a building, speaking curse words and smoking. Zack covers Mira's nose with his hands and tells her not to breathe in the smoke. He also tells her not to look at the trash on the ground, laugh too much, and attempts to protect her from the wind. Mira is exasperated by the treatment.
Zack and Mira eat before they enter the police station. They deliver the kid over to a cop and Mira sweatdrops over Zack's happiness when he hears the kid call him "papa."
[
3
]
References
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 125
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 186
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 187