Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Samuel Seo (서성은 Seo Seongeun)
is the former president of the
Workers
3rd and 4th affiliates. And also a rival of
Jake Kim
, with whom he led
Big Deal
in the past. He also used to be one of the successors of
Gun Park
.
Appearance
Samuel Seo is introduced appearing sophisticated and more mature than his actual age. He has fair skin, with a strong V-Shaped jawline and dark, narrow eyes. His figure is extremely muscular, with a more prominent, broader chest and arms than a majority of characters. His black hair is combed back neatly, and he wears slender, rectangular glasses. He is revealed to bear tattoos, consisting of Sak Yant and images of various objects. He is considered to be attractive by societal standards, as Amy notes.
[
2
]
His standard work attire consists of a clean white suit with a blue tie, occasionally with a brown overcoat draped over his shoulders. He covers his exposed skin, such as his neck and hands, with makeup to cover his tattoos. Outside of work, he is also seen wearing other variations of fashionable matching suits. He isn't as cleaned up, with messy hair that sweeps over his face and rolled sleeves.
Samuel is notable for his continual creation of bizarre and extreme facial expressions representing his current emotion and his numerous moments of fanservice where he is shown wearing little to no clothing.
Personality
When dealing with the general public, he presents a façade of being a well-mannered, charming, young man. He is noted by Daniel to be sarcastic,
[
3
]
although there have been no other confirmations of this. Beneath it is a man who is cold-hearted and ruthless. In regards to business matters, Samuel believes that the ends justify the means and will do whatever it takes to get ahead. He does this through various illegal and underhanded methods such as illegal streaming through forced labor contracts and obtaining monetary loans through false promises.
Despite his arrogant and sadistic attitude, he is shown to have some insecurities that stem from his birth origins. He harbors an inferiority complex that causes him to fly into a rage when he feels he is not being respected or undermined. This is especially the case in situations where Jake is involved.
History
Samuel was born and raised in a poor environment, as his mother abused him and father was absent in his life. He was also bullied by kids in the neighborhood for not having a father. His last name was chosen randomly, and he did not know his father's last name.
[
4
]
As a middle schooler he led the Gangseo Alliance, uniting the local gangs under his leadership. He was powerful enough to be scouted to join Big Deal, one of the Big 4 Crews.
At a young age he was always curious about who his father really is, but his mother never let him discover that himself. Because of this, when Samuel found a photo of his mother with the famous gangster Gapryong Kim, and assumed that the man was his father. This boosted Samuel's confidence, as he strived to improve himself in power in order to be recognized as Gapryong's son. However this belief was shattered when his true biological father returned home to his mother. Enraged at the revelation, it is implied that he killed the two of them but there have never been any confirmations of this.
At the height of the Gangseo Alliance, Samuel felt offended when he was not directly scouted by
Sinu Han
to join Big Deal. Thus, he took the Alliance to confront
Jake Kim
, who was scouted by Sinu himself. After joining Big Deal with Jake, Samuel met people such as a young
Olly Wang
and
Johan Seong
, and looked down on them. It was only then after Sinu was beaten by
Gun
and
Goo Kim
, Big Deal falling under the mercy of Gun, and the revelation that Jake was Gapryong Kim's son, Samuel ended up straying away from Big Deal and it's original goal and ideals, which culminated in him fighting Jake one last time, and lost. Samuel left Big Deal after that, and quickly formed and dismantled his own crew, Gangseo Union, in Gangnam, to gain Gun's approval. Gun then proceeded to take down Samuel and denied him of his approval, judging that he was a ticking time bomb and wasn't enough of a leader like Jake.
Samuel then fought between Jake, Olly, and Johan in a fight as the heads of the
Big 4 Crew
. He was the first to get taken down during the fight. After reflecting on all the fighters and how they have improved in power and status since they last met, Samuel was demoralized and broken. However, this awakened something in Samuel, as he soon developed a new, more brutal, fighting style. Following this, he immediately beat Jake, Johan, and Olly. While this happened, Goo showed up and was amazed by Samuel's performance that he told Samuel that he approved of him and made him his new secret best friend.
Samuel later became the executive of the Fourth Affiliate of the Workers, and was complicit in an illegal streaming business until the downfall of One MCN.
Fighting Prowess
Samuel's fighting style reflects its owner's own savagery fueled by inferiority. His style has been described by many as vicious and uncontrollable with liberal usage of weapons such as brass knuckles. Samuel prefers to overwhelm his opponents with raw strength with a tendency towards punches. Samuel's style is such that his defeated opponents are damaged beyond necessity.
Samuel has been shown to make him able to be on par with Jake Kim and Daniel Park. In the past, he was able to defeat all crew heads after first awakening to his style. Samuel notes that his power peaks when his body feels like it's "burning up." He described this "burning up" as "madness caused by self-hatred."
[
5
]
Zack Lee also experienced this phenomenon and became very strong. Samuel's trigger for this state seems to be excitement for a fight.
In the 1st Gen King arc it is stated by himself and
Seokdu Wang
that he has reached and surpassed Mastery and Samuel was a big part in the battle against Seokdu as he could tank all the headbutts thrown at him by Seokdu while Warren and Eli was put out of commission with just one. Seokdu Wang even went on to say that Samuel Seo has achieved the Stage of Resilience even saying Samuel Seo has The Ultimate Resilience.
In Chapter 466, Samuel was drugged by Jinyoung Park to feel an overwhelming sense of inferiority, causing him to go insane, aiming to kill whoever came in the room he was hidden in. It was revealed that the drugs had caused Samuel to bring up his past, where he deep down believed that Gapryong Kim had been his father, but been disappointed in the end. Afterwards, he began to bring up the incident where he had defeated his own union (Gangseo Union) just to gain Gun's approval, but was rejected. The throwback of these incidents had made Samuel insanely strong, fueling his inferiority complex to the point where even a full force hit from Jake Kim left him unfazed.
What makes his strength even more crazy is that Samuel Seo never had a teacher and learnt a distinct fighting style, his fighting style is barbaric and crude, flaunting off his sadistic nature.
Quotes
I’ll help you find Sinu, but you need to help me too. I want to be king
[
6
]
Trivia
Samuel hides this, but his biological father is an air conditioning technician, he hates him and prefers to believe that, deep down, his father is Gapryong Kim.
[
Citation needed
]
References
↑
He is a year older than Daniel, and the same age as Jake Kim.
↑
Lookism, Episode 289
↑
Lookism, Episode 288
↑
Lookism, Episode 303
↑
Lookism, Episode 362
↑
Episode 346
Navigation