Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Senior Manager Kim
is a White Tiger Job Centre member, currently employed by
Tom Lee
. He was contracted to
Workers
before being pulled out. He is the protagonist of his own spinoff manhwa, titled
Manager Kim.
Appearance
Senior Manager Kim at first appears to be an average Korean man of unknown height and black hair. Although he appears old in Lookism, he is shown to be extremely fit and muscular in his own manhwa,
Manager Kim
. He has numerous bullet wounds and cuts around his body from his time serving in the South Korean Special Forces, also has cuts on his fingers presumably from wielding his CQC Silver Yarn. When he is angry, excessive veins emerge from his body and his eyes become bloodshot.
Personality
He is very stiff when it comes to humor but is very loving when it comes to his daughter. When it comes to his daughter he would probably rip everything in his way apart in order to make sure she is safe and takes on jobs that will bring him shame in order to provide for his family.
History
He is an Ex-Sergeant and Special Forces Agent and has carried out numerous missions for his country. He was so dangerous that there are specialized teams dedicated just for him and is also wanted in North Korea with a cash bounty for him and has tried to assassinate the North Korean Supreme Leader twice. He spent one night with a woman and as a result, impregnated her. He wanted to leave his post to care for his daughter, but the government stopped him in order to not let him expose the foreign affairs that they violated. The South Korean government had him attempt to assassinate the North Korean Supreme Leader again in order for him to leave his post.
Fighting Prowess
Manager Kim's fighting style is
CQC
(Close Quarter Combat), a modern and realistic self-defense system that combines many different martial arts, military and police tactics. CQC consists of strikes, kicks, takedowns, joint locks, weapon defense ground fighting and more.
Manager Kim most likely learned CQC within the military as part of his training, likely using it many times to kill or subdue enemy combatants.
He has also used CQC Silver Yarn in a few instances.
Techniques used
Note: Some techniques exist across different martial arts, under different names.
Striking
One-inch punch
Straight/Cross
Elbow strike
Kicking
Low kick
Trivia
He took a liking to Gangdong's Mighty
Warren Chae
, who reminded him of himself, teaching him proper Jeet Kune Do technique, as well as other techniques he learned from his military training and other endeavors.
He has his own spinoff webtoon called
Manager Kim
.
References
↑
1.0
1.1
Cite error: Invalid
<ref>
tag; no text was provided for refs named
Manager Kim Webtoon Episode 188
Navigation