Seongji Yuk
was a member of the
1st Generation
and the King of Cheonliang. He was called the
Monster of Cheonliang Mountain
, possibly due to him having 6 fingers on each hand and 6 toes on each foot. He was the mentor of
Vin Jin
. He was a disciple of
Jin Mujin
, who was Vin Jin's father.
Appearance
Seongji Yuk is portrayed as dressing quite messily, wearing a black tank top and a pair of dirty, baggy gray jeans. His footwear seems to be somewhat heavy-duty, and he wears a black jacket tied around his waist and occasionally wears
Cheonliang Fam
jacket over his shoulders.
Physically, he is shown to be quite muscular and handsome in a rugged way, with shaggy black hair that almost reaches his shoulders and solid black irises with prominent eye bags.
He has polydactyly, with six digits on both his hands and feet. Though he lost his extra appendages on both his hands and feet due to Shinmyung Cheon's cruelty in chapter 492, they have since been reattached.
Personality
Seongji is shown to be quite rough in his demeanor, calling Vin Jin a funny bastard and threatening to kill him when called a monster during their first meeting.
Despite this, he is a very dedicated man, choosing to fight the Kojima Brothers as well as three members of Generation 0 in order for the Cheonliang Fam to have a chance to escape. When they were caught, he would choose to take any punishment from the Shaman in Vin Jin's place.
As a result of serving as the offering, he has severe PTSD, choosing to live in the mountains to avoid the eyes of the village's people. This PTSD can even trigger a special kind of seizure that causes him to destroy everything and everyone around him, though he won't remember anything.
History
Early in his life, likely around the age of late elementary school, he was abandoned in Cheonliang by his family, leaving him for dead on its shores. It was there he would be found by Mujin Jin, who had recently plundered the treasure of the Shaman, including the Red Paper. However, Mujin wasn't able to read Japanese, so Seongji claimed he could before feigning amnesia to get Mujin to stay with him, the man agreeing to do so until Seongji remembered. Mujin taught Seongji how to be self-sufficient and raised him for a time, helping him to trust other people again. Mujin would then disappear without a trace, leaving behind Cheonliang's treasure for Seongji.
Afterwards, he became a sacrifice for the Shaman's scams due to his polydactyl features and was trained to become a yaksha (a type of "bodyguard") for
Shaman
's child, a
Cheon Taejin
, which he never became. He eventually escaped, but upon realizing that he'd be similarly rejected by the outside world, believed that he wouldn't be able to leave and fell into his first seizure, afterward seeking refuge by hiding in the mountains. Since Shinmyeong had no further need of Seongji, planning to make Vin the new sacrifice, he would scheme against the young man by spreading rumors of a monster living in Cheonliang to the circles outside. After a lengthy amount of time spent getting into unwanted fights, he would meet Jichang Kwak.
One day, the children that would go on to be the
Cheonliang Fam
came across him, though Seongji met them with open arms and hospitality, teaching them about the truth of Cheonliang, with Vin and Sujin Kim joining the family later on.
After Vin discovered the truth of his mother's death, he stormed the shaman's complex alone, causing Seongji to come to his aid while setting his shack alight to call in the other 1st Generation Kings. He would be able to defeat the two Yakshas easily, and would come face to face with
James Lee
, awakening to three thresholds in the process and defeating the One Man Circle. However, since his fam would be captured, he allowed himself to be brutalized, even having his extra appendages severed, before the 1st Generation Kings intervened.
In the wake of that event, Seongji tried to distance himself from the fam to prevent them from being targeted by his enemies, as well as not to endanger them in his seizures.
After being set up by Taejin Cheon to believe he was the murderer of
Sujin Kim
, he committed suicide by walking into the ocean and tying a chain hooked to an anchor around his neck, resulting in him drowning.
Relationships
Vin Jin
He and Vin Jin were quite close, as Seongji was his master and the head of the Cheonliang Fam. Vin deeply regrets not embracing Seongji during the set-up, and blames himself for the King's death.
Mujin Jin
He was Seongji Yuk's master, raising him after Seongji was abandoned by his parents.
Shigeaki
and
Hiroaki Kojima
They taught him Kudo during his Yaksha training with them
Cheonliang Fam
They called him their master after escaping from the Shaman's scams.
1st Generation
Despite what some might think, Seongji was close enough to several members of Generation 1, namely
Taesoo Ma
,
Gongseob Ji
,
Seokdu Wang
,
Jaegyeon Na
, and
Jichang Kwak
, for them to join forces to invade Cheonliang after Seongji sent them a message, likely asking for help, and even attacking
James
and revenge for Seongji.
Fighting Prowess
Due to the nature of Cheonliang's fighters, he was likely at the upper end of the 1st Generation. He has been shown to have immense grip strength, grabbing the ribs of two experienced fighters, three in each hand, and squeezing them to the point where they noticeably bend and crack. Later he was revealed to be the disciple of Ssireum legend,
Jin Mujin
(Vin Jin's father and a man strong enough to rival the monsters of the 0 generation), he was also taught by the
Yamazaki brothers
to be the Yaksha of
Cheon Taejin
which he never became. His style mainly included
Jin Mujin's Ssireum,
a style where while fighting one can break opponents' bones with their grip strength and both
Grapling and Striking Kudo
taught to him by the yakshas of the shaman. He was also proficient with
Judo,
which he taught to Mary Kim and the Cheonliang Fam.
In his fight with
James Lee
, James states that
Seongji has overcome two
Masteries
, of both toughness and power
, putting them on a similar level. Despite lacking experience compared to James, he would be able to see his invisible attacks by believing in his eyes, allowing him to overcome
the
Mastery
of speed
, putting him a level above James, and allowing Seongji to be the first character in Lookism to defeat him, before James achieved the strength mastery.
In regards to sheer potential, Mujin Jin stated that Seongji was the one with the most potential in his life, and even James Lee attempts to scout him, stating that he'd be better than the two he currently had, likely referring to
Goo Kim
and
Gun Park
.
Due to having his extra appendages cut off by Shinmyung Cheon, his strength has been greatly lowered, likely reducing his fighting prowess permanently, but later his fingers were rejoined.
Quotes
"I you haven't forgotten why they call me the
King of Cheonliang
"
"Also, you're not a Monster. Your eye is cool as Hell"
"You've never seen anyone who was better than you? I have"
Gallery
Cheonliang (Arc)
Seongji Yuk as the King of Cheonliang
Seongji Yuk takes down the Shaman's guards
Seongji Yuk (back shot)
Seongji Yuk tells Kojima Shigeaki to leave the mountain
Seongji Yuk Close up
Seongji reflecting on his life, full of regret after the death of Sujin Kim.
Trivia
He has been shown to have an illness that causes him to cough up blood, though he takes medication to manage it. This is a result of serious seizures caused by PTSD from being a sacrifice.
One particular inspiration for his appearance may be the Chinese influencer @cr0102, as pointed out by several members of the community.
References