Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
Oh man... I'm gonna have a bunch of new fans after this.
”
Sinu Han (
한신우 Han Shin-woo
)
is the former leader of
Big Deal
. He was ousted from his position by
Jake Kim
when he attempted to sell Big Deal to the
Workers,
although this was later proven to be a lie. He was later found to be working at the Workers 2nd Affiliate's circus, with few memories of his past.
Appearance
Sinu Han is a man of tall, lean-yet-muscular figure. He is seen with a round-tinted shades, black hair tied into a low ponytail, black coat draping over his shoulders. Sinu likes to keep a toothpick on his mouth. He is also always seen with a bright and sunny smile.
When he takes off his shades, he is revealed to have had lost his right eye—completely white and smaller than his other eye, the reasons is unknown but he once took off his clothes during fight and he is seen with countless scars all over his body.
Personality
Sinu is a cheerful and persistent guy, he is selfless and determined. Considering he protected a certain street for 10 years, and even selling himself to the Workers in order to keep Big Deal together. Amidst all of his hardships, he is always seen with a smile that can light up any room.
Sinu is known to have a simple ideology of keeping peace upon the street that he grew up in and to protect the girls that raised him.
Sinu is also generous, considering he gave his wallet to
Johan
(who then was a lost kid) in order to help him support himself.
[
5
]
History
Sinu was found and raised by the residents of Big Deal Street. He earned the nickname, "The Boy of Promise" due to his dedication and devotion to protect the street. In order to accomplish this, he joined and took over
Big Deal
, becoming the new "Big Boss".
After selling himself to
Workers
to protect Big Deal, Sinu has been a part of the 2nd Affiliate circus, in which he quickly rose through the ranks, earning the nickname "The God of Combat" and "Shiba Inu" as well as mastering
Invisible Attacks
. Here, he met
Mitsuki
,
Ryuhei
,
Magami
,
Sato
, and
Doo.
Fighting Prowess
Sinu has a lot of potential ever since he was a kid, overtaking Big Deal and earning the throne. His fighting ability was honed by protecting the Big Deal street for years. It also further developed when he was constantly fighting under the Workers after he sold himself to the organization.
Sinu is very powerful, considering he managed to almost beat up
Goo
, surprising him for an attack and not giving Goo the chance fight back, and most likely would have won the fight if Goo didn't get his hands on chopsticks.
At the 2nd affiliate, When Sinu fought Jake Kim, and was attacking him with ruthless speed, as he mastered a technique that only one person from each generation managed to master it. It's called
Invisible Attacks
, which is attacking your opponents' blind spots so fast it becomes invisible to the eye.
Sinu has reached a level that he can take on the duo of Eli Jang and Warren Chae whom could defeat a 1st Gen King together (and they most likely got stronger since then) by himself with no damage taken while they were bloodied and beaten, the only damage Sinu took was from a sneak cheap shot by Mandeok Bang, but Sinu was surprised with the duo's endurance as even though they were bloodied and beaten they were still standing.
Quotes
"It's called passion, you punks!"
Oh man... I'm gonna have a whole bunch of new fans after this.
[
6
]
Trivia
He likes Ramyeon.
He has a ‘NewTubu’ channel called "Big Boss TV"
He often puts on an accent to sound tougher.
Sinu Han has been named by the author as a member of the 1.5th generation, a group of fighters who rose before the 2nd generation but after the 1st generation.
[
7
]
In Episode 409 he was named a member of the 2nd generation, however, this is a mistranslation on Webtoon's part.
Having spent years with Japanese people like Mitsuki Soma and Ryuhei Kuroda, Sinu can speak Japanese almost fluently.
He is one of three users who can use Invisible Attacks since the 0th Generation.
References
↑
Episode 306
↑
Episode 315
↑
Episode 306
↑
Episode 314
↑
<nowiki>
Webtoon, 307
↑
Episode 305
↑
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ED0x2R6gMg
Author's youtube