ATTENTION!
This Article is Currently Incomplete. Please be patient Until this article is complete.
"
YOU LOOKIN DOWN ON CHEONLIANG!?
"
—Taejin Cheon
Taejin Cheon (천태진  Chun Tae Jin)
is the Workers First Affiliate Director as well as the CEO of the Private-use First Responders. He was the second shaman of Cheonliang after Shinmyung Cheon.
Appearance
Taejin is a tall man with a muscular physique, he has short, dyed blonde hair. He usually wears a formal designer outfit with a black dress shirt and a gold-colored vest with black prints. He sometimes wears a Cheonliang uniform. He also has a large scar in the middle of his chest.
Personality
Taejin has a cold-blooded personality, hardly showing reactions, always acting in a "professional" way. However, in
Vin Jin
's flashback
[
1
]
, he shows a hot-blooded countenance, mocking Vin.
Relationships
Workers
Hangyeoul Baek
As the director of 1st Affiliate, Taejin shows respect, getting even more serious in the presence of CEO Hangyeoul Baek.
Cheongliang Fam
Vin Jin
Having previously thought Taejin dead, Vin Jin hates Taejin so much that he crushed the controls of an arcade machine upon finding out otherwise, and joined Allied solely to see him again, and presumably get his revenge by killing Taejin. It is also stated that Taejin assaulted and killed Sujin Kim, as seen in the flashback.
Mary Kim
Having previously thought Taejin dead, Mary Kim harbors such hatred for Taejin that she wanted to kill him upon finding out otherwise, even crying upon receiving the news.
Sujin Kim
During his childhood, Taejin fell in love with Sujin Kim and claimed her as his "property." After Taejin's father's death, he went to Vin Jin's residence and kidnapped Sujin Kim. As Sujin Kim ran away from him, they reached a tree with colorful strings attached to it. It was there that Taejin lost control and strangled Sujin Kim to death. After her death, he only thought about how her death would make him a murderer and he had to find a way to get rid of her body. Which he did by putting her beside an unconscious
Seongji Yuk
.
Synopsis
The only child of Cheongliang's shaman, he first met Vin Jin when they were both 8 when he promised that Vin would be afforded more luxuries once he inherited his father's position.
Fighting Prowess
The only fight we have from him is a part in
Vin Jin
's flashback, which suggests he's on the same strength level as Vin Jin.
In Chapter 462 it is shown that Taejin is greater than what he was in his flashback fight against Vin Jin, as the current Vin Jin (but you can say that Vin Jin wasn't going all out as he told the
Allied
crew to leave as he doesn't want any witnesses) going for the kill slammed Taejin's face down to the ground breaking apart the concrete floor, then Taejin shook off Vin Jin's hand (who has monstrous grip strength) and smiled maniacally saying that he is "Really Really Really Looking Forward to it". His durability is also great as even when his face was slammed into the ground, his teeth and face remained intact.
As the former leader of the former business model of the Workers' First Affiliate, he survived in a hell of constant fighting, and was strong enough to become the leader.
As of Chapter 464 Taejin Cheon has completely defeated Vin Jin and it was effortless even though Taejin stated that Vin Jin was stronger than he was in the past. Taejin is strong and fast enough to overpower Vin Jin's grip strength (which was enough to uproot trees from the ground and stated that Vin Jin got stronger since then) with his very own grip strength and was overpowering Vin Jin when it came to a contest of strength (when they were wrestling) and took an onslaught of attacks and was dodging and blocking effortlessly while talking trash and explaining what he has been doing since he was gone to Vin Jin. Taejin is also durable enough to take full power attacks from Vin Jin to the face and have no reaction while blood isn't even drawn or wasn't even swelling as after gripping Vin Jin's face and knocking him out completely defeating him, Taejin was on the phone to (presumably
Gitae Kim
) explaining that he let Allied forces through and fought Vin Jin as to make it not look suspicious (hinting towards that the only reason Taejin fought wasn't for revenge on Vin Jin it was to actually not raise suspicion on himself while letting the Allied crew in) there was not markings, bruising, blood on Taejin at all, only on Vin Jin while the area around was broken and indented.
Quotes
I'm from the country, too. A place called
Cheonliang
Trivia
He has killed people before.
He is seen to be extremely possessive, wanting to make both Vin Jin and Kim Sujin his "possessions".
He is the sole survivor of "Hell", an underground battle royale that came before the 1st Affiliate.
He used to have black hair, dying it yellow after, probably to show his affirmation to Goo Kim.
The scar across his torso was given by Vin Jin, where he ripped the skin off Taejin's chest with his grip strength.
He tries his best to not look weak, even when he is in utter danger.
Gallery
Lookism (Arc)
Ep. 446
- Taejin's introduction
Ep. 446
- Taejin adjusting his watch
Ep. 447
- Taejin telling Jihan he'll go next time for the VIP client
Ep. 447
- Jihan smoking indoor
The First Affiliate's Dark Secret
Ep. 448
- Taejin explaining work to Jihan
Workers (1st Affiliate)
Ep. 449
- Taejin with toilet paper
Ep. 450
- Workers 1st Affiliation
Ep. 451
- Taejin in Vin's flashback
Ep. 451
- Isu lights Taejin's cigarette
Ep. 451
- Hangyeoul putting Taejin's cigarette out
Ep. 461
- Taejin & Isu on the move
Ep. 462
- Taejin in the way
Ep. 463
- Taejin in hell
Ep. 464
- Taejin looking at stairs
Ep. 475
- Taejin fighting Tom
Ep. 476
- Taejin & Isu shocked
Ep. 477
- Goo's secret Friends
Ep. 478
- Goo using Taejin's phone
Cheonliang (Arc)
References
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 451: Workers (1st Affiliate)(3)
Navigation
v
•
e
Minor Character Navigation
Adults
Aru Lee
•
Brekdak
•
Daniel's mother
•
Daniel's Manager
•
Johan's mother
•
Lasol
•
Oliver Jang
Minors
Woojin
•
Daehoon Shin
•
Seonong Ham
•
Soomi
•
Stalker Girl
•
TikTacTok Girl
•
Wally Lee
•
Yenna Jang
•
Yeonhui
•
Yong Lee
Animals
Enu
•
Eden
•
Miro
•
Ryan the Cat