Currently, Lookism has more than 80 arcs, of which 7 arcs are flashback arcs
[
1
]
however, there are still numerous flashbacks that occur during arcs in the present. Therefore, this page seeks to help understand the events of the series in chronological order.
0th Generation: The Age of Fists
See article:
0th Generation
The Beginning
Times of chaos in Korea
At least 30 years ago
[
2
]
, Korea had been dominated by the Japanese Yakuza, specifically the
Yamazaki Syndicate
, who oppressed Korea and its inhabitants. As a result, several gangs, which were called "Fists", began to emerge.
Gapryong's Fist vs. Yamazaki Syndicate
Gapryong Kim with some Fist members
At some point,
Gapryong Kim
created
Gapryong's Fist
, bringing together several powerful people, such as
Elite
,
Jinyeong Park
,
Tom Lee
, and
Baekho Kwon
. In this way, Gapryong also began to unite various Fists throughout Korea, until all of Korea was on his side against the Yakuza.
Thus,
Gapryong's Fist was able to fight and win against the Yamazaki Syndicate
[
3
]
.
The Aftermath
After the battle between the two forces,
Shingen Yamazaki
, the president of the Yamazaki Syndicate, fell into a lethargic state. Meanwhile, Korea experienced times of peace and prosperity, and the members of Gapryong's Fist naturally separated, following different paths.
With that, it is possible to describe the following events of that time:
In Korea:
Shinmyung Cheon
established his cult in Cheonliang as the greatest influence in the province.
Gapryong Kim has several children with several women, all of whom are illegitimate children from his marriage to
Minseon Kang
.
Jake Kim
is his last
[
4
]
and only legitimate child.
Mujin Jin
, in possession of the
Red Paper
, seeks to translate it, possibly already suspecting the relationship between Elite and the Yamazaki Syndicate.
Seongji Yuk
, that was abandoned by his family in Cheonliang, is raised by Mujin Jin for a short period of time.
Sinu Han
is adopted by a group of girls from a street in Gangseo.
Gapryong Kim goes on to teach
Dayoung Oh
, a young man from Busan with a "romantic fist".
Elite, also known as
Charles Choi
, opens Eunha Market with his wife. They were going through difficult times.
Jinyeong Park embarks on a career as a pharmaceutical doctor, and Tom Lee remains a beggar.
Ant Mother
organizes a scheme to trap unwanted children in a landfill, forcing them to work for her.
Vin Jin
and
his mother
gets trapped in Cheonliang.
Zack Lee
,
Johan Seong
and
Mira Kim
find themselves trapped in a cult of a "dog god", that day, the police intervene and
Johan's mother
is hospitalized.
Gapryong Kim decides to enter politics, with the help of Baekho Kwon.
In Japan
Shintaro's plan
Shintaro Yamazaki
, vice president of the Yamazaki Syndicate, prepares a plan for a new generation of Yamazakis, by preparing 8 women from affiliated families to conceive a child of Shingen.
Gun Park
and 7 other children are born from Shintaro's plan.
Three families affiliated with the Yamazaki Syndicate rebel, unhappy with the management of a lethargic Shingen. All the insurgents and their leaders are executed.
Driven mad after learning the truth about being the firstborn, Shintaro Yamazaki starts a revolution in the Syndicate, killing several people in one night, including his father,
Shinji Yamazaki
. Later that night,
Shingen Yamazaki is killed
.
Gun Park enters Korea illegally, being found on the shores of Busan by Gapryong and Baekho.
1st Generation: The Age of Circles
See Article:
1st Generation
The Quickstart
The First Generation
After the years of peace, the members of the 0th Generation began to have students, these students began to fight, until these fights escalated throughout Korea, thus beginning the First Generation. In it, the gangs were called Circles, however, the one that was the strongest/powerful in his province/region, was called King.
The Events
The First Generation ended earlier than expected, due to Charles Choi's plan to create the era of the crews.
However, there were still many events, both with the members of that generation, as well as with the members of the 0th Generation and the next generation:
In The Fists
Jongnam Hwang
and
Yongpal Bae
start to manipulate Dayoung Oh, thus also revealing his true face.
After his wife's death, Charles Choi begins to prepare a plan to "
take over the entire world
", thus also beginning to raise talents, such as
Kouji
and
James Lee
.
Gapryong Kim faces problems in his political career, being constantly rejected by many Koreans.
The Start of Circles
Several powerful individuals begin to take over their own regions, thus emerging the First Generation Kings.
After years of protecting the street where he grew up, Sinu Han becomes the Big Boss of
Big Deal
.
Jichang Kwak
successfully manages to contact all the Kings, and the Kings begin to organize themselves territorially, in addition to having treaties, such as not fighting each other in Cheonliang
[
5
]
.
A group of children approach Seongji Yuk, against the indoctrination of the Cheonliang cult, Seongji begins to take care of the
Cheonliang Fam
.
On Dayoung Oh's orders,
Jinrang
travels all over Korea in search of defeating all the Kings.
Vin Jin, trying to escape the cult, joins Cheonliang Fam.
The Charles' "Ten Geniuses" Plan
Charles Choi with some Geniuses
Charles Choi recruits Gun Park in Juvenile Prision.
Charles Choi does business with Shinmyung Cheon, seeking profits in Cheonliang.
Euntae Lee
suffers bullying in his school.
Goo's cousin
pays
Goo Kim
to beat the bullies.
In search of a partner, Gun Park manages to recruit Goo Kim.
Gun Park and Goo Kim recruits Tom Lee, who later trains them.
Jinyeong Park acts as the Medical Genius.
Gun Park and Goo Kim begin testing various Circles in the north, south, east, and west of Seoul in search of forming the
Four Major Crews
.
The
Workers
are founded by
Eugene
, shortly after a certain incident at the Elite Private Middle and High School with
his brother
.
The
HNH Company
is established by Charles Choi.
Kitae Kim
and James Lee murder Gapryong Kim and Baekho Kwon.
Post Gapryong Death
Gun Park returns to Japan at the behest of Charles Choi in search of the Red Paper.
Shintaro Yamazaki is killed by Gun Park, who becomes the president of the Yamazaki Syndicate. Gun goes back to Korea without the Red Paper.
Samuel Seo
becomes Gangseo Union's No.1.
Jake Kim, leader of Gangseo Middle School, meets Sinu Han, and later meets Samuel Seo.
The Golden Age of the Big Deal begins
Johan and
Eden
get lost on Big Deal's street, but are taken in for a short time by the crew members.
Jinyeong Park begins to modify
Hangyeoul Baek's
body
[
6
]
.
The Raid on Cheonliang
After discovering the truth about his mother's death, Vin Jin breaks into the Shaman's house, aiming to kill Shinmyung Cheon.
Seongji Yuk fights James Lee, but the fight is interrupted because the Cheonliang Fam had been taken hostage, Seongji sacrifices his fingers and toes to save them, even though it is in vain.
Most of the regional Kings unite and launch an attack on Cheonliang Shaman's house and save Seongji Yuk and the Cheonliang Fam.
Shinmyung Cheon dies after tripping over Vin Jin's mother's hairband, causing him to fall off a cliff and have his head crushed by a rock.
Post Cheonliang and The End
James defeating the First Generation Kings
Johan Seong begins stealing shoes to support himself and pay for his mother's surgery. He does this until he eventually meets Gun Park.
A group of teenagers without a family defeats a raid carried out by the
Backdoor
gang.
James Lee attacks all the provinces of Korea in search of all the remaining Kings, thus defeating and crippling them.
Kitae Kim attacks the Seoul circle in search of Jichang Kwak, upon finding him, Kitae almost kills Jichang, expelling him from being the King of Seoul.
In Busan, James Lee couldn't find Jinrang, so he cripples some of the
Jinrang Gang's
key members, such as
Jaegwang Do
and
Hashik Song
.
In one night,
Taejin Cheon
kidnaps Sujin Kim and kills her. After that, he frames Seongji Yuk.
Seongji Yuk commits suicide by drowning himself in the sea, where his neck gets wrapped in an anchor chain.
Johan Seong defeats Zack Lee in a boxing tournament, causing Zack to lose his pride as a boxer for a long time.
Goo Kim goes in search of the Red Paper in Cheonliang.
In The Crews
Taejin Cheon is trapped inside "Hell" at the Workers 1st Affiliate, where he remains for indetermined time.
Johan Seong conquests
K House
and creates
God Dog
.
Gun Park, Jerry Kwon, and Johan Seong attack
Sally Park's
house, seriously injuring her friends. That night, the
Hostel
goes from being just a family to becoming the largest crew in Gangdong.
On the same night, The Big Deal YB makes a revolution in the Big Deal, and Jake Kim fights Sinu Han.
Sinu Han disappears and Jake Kim becomes the Big Boss of Big Deal.
Eli Jang is trained by Gun Park, and
Olly Wang
tricks
Heather Choi
into believing he is Eli in a online chat, thus Heather becomes unwell and depressed during her pregnancy.
The Cheonliang Fam protects Cheonliang from any circle that wants to take over the region.
Heather Choi dies and
Yenna Jang
is born. Eli Jang takes Yenna and disappears from Gangdong.
Olly Wang is trained by Gun Park and takes over as leader of Hostel A
Vin Jin moves to Seoul, looking for a fresh start.
The Start of a New Era
Second Generation: The Age of Crews
See Article:
2nd Generation
TBA
References
↑
Euntae Lee Arc
,
Cult
,
Eli Jang (Arc)
Jake Kim (Arc)
,
Cheonliang (Arc)
,
White Ghost
and
Gapryong Kim's Disciple
↑
Kitae Kim is currently 27 years old, and it is known that Gapryong did not have children at the beginning of the Generation.
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 520
↑
In
Episode 312
, is revealed that Gapryong had a Vasectomy after Jake was born.
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 493
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 494