Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
Charles is about to undertake some major endeavor, and to test my fighting abilities... he sent me two kids in middle school?
”
— Tom Lee to Gun Park and Goo Kim
Tom Lee
is a secondary character in
Lookism.
He also makes an appearance in the
Manager Kim Webtoon.
[1]
Background
A man who fights wildly, known as the "King of the Streets" in Seoul, the "Ultimate (Beggar) King" during the 0th Generation. According to Jinyoung Park, he was a beggar that picked up by Gapryong Kim. After being picked up by Gapryong, he recruited Tom to his Fist Gang and became one of his closest companions alongside Elite and Jinyoung. Around at that time, he also raised Eli Jang and taught him how to fight. Unknowing of his actual name, Eli calls Tom "Mr. Carpenter".
Sometime before or after Gapryong's death, he joined Charles Choi and helped him form the Big Four Crews, becoming one of Charles'
Ten Geniuses
. He also raised two children, Gun and Goo. Sometime after that, he formed the White Tiger Job Centre, an employment agency that will do anything for the right price.
Appearance
Tom is a big middle aged muscular man with a square face, small eyes and long unkempt hair. He is often seen with a very wide smile. He always wears white gloves on his left hand, which hides the truth that he was an amputee due to unknown reason. He prefers fighting only in his boxers to avoid getting his expensive clothes dirty and is usually seen undressing himself right before fighting seriously. 
In the past, he is seen wearing a bum hat and beggar-like clothes.
Personality
Tom is a carefree, playful and easygoing person. He is a man motivated by and for money, evident when Charles Choi paid him to withdraw all his employees from the Workers, but then sent them again because the President of the Workers paid him more. Despite that, however, he seems to remain cautious and not careless about money. This is evident when he hunts down the child he once raised, Eli Jang. He once taught Eli that he should not take money carelessly because the money he received could have other intentions from the person who gave it.
Tom also has a strange interest, sometimes asking to see other people's "birds" or "danglers". He also dislikes being underestimated or being ordered by someone that he sees as being below him, such as Eugene testing him, which he was immediately infuriated by.
Tom also appears to be a caring and understanding person. This is shown when he hunts down Hostel, where he says that families shouldn't be separated and knows they will risk their lives for the sake of the family. Even so, he remains a professional, still doing his job well.
Fighting Prowess
Tom Lee has no direct fighting style, choosing to fight wildly and crudely with his physical capabilities and figure, similarly to Eli Jang and Samuel Seo.
Tom is shown to be very fast for his hulking figure, as he was able to surprise
Johan Seong
with his speed.
[
2
]
His overall durability and endurance are on a whole different level compared to the other characters as he was able to take strikes from the likes of
Warren Chae
[
3
]
and Johan Seong
[
2
]
with ease showing little to no harm done to him. Tom also possesses immense physical strength being able to lift the back of a car with one hand
[
4
]
and hit Johan once and send him flying into a wall
[
2
]
His many years of fighting experience were shown when he tricked Warren into thinking he was going for a headbutt to unpredictably bite one of his eyes instead. He can be quite ruthless in a fight, stomping out
Daniel Park
relentlessly until he was completely knocked out. He fought with the Vice president of Workers,
Mandeok Bang
, who held his own against Tom with the help of
Yuseong
.
Another display of his inhuman strength is when he broke a wall by just flicking his fingers into it.
[2]
It is stated by Manager Kim in his own series that he couldn't think of a way to beat Tom. Also it is considered and assumed that in the entire Pre Generation the only ones above him that could beat him is/was (when they were all in their prime) Gapryong Kim, Elite and Jinyoung Park.
Trivia
Majority of the characters whom have seen Tom at more than 50% of his strength have died.
References
↑
1.0
1.1
Manager Kim Webtoon Episode 47
↑
2.0
2.1
2.2
Webtoon,
Episode 301: Vs Johan Seong (2)
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 298: Workers(4 Affiliates) (12)
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 297: Workers(4 Affiliates) (11)