“
Remember this feeling... of dying. Even in the throes of death, be prepared to fight. Let death overtake your body.
”
— Gun Park on Ultra Instinct,
Ep. 439
Ultra Instinct
, also known as
Reverse Eyes
, are the names given to a state where the fighter enters a form of unconsciousness and their bodies' senses and abilities heighten to its maximum possible levels, fighting with their truest and most unbridled selves, hence any extra and unnecessary thoughts, feelings or emotions are completely erased for the time being. Once it's mastered, the fighter is fully conscious and can control their power and maximize their body's capabilities at their own will.
The ability is hereditary in the
Yamazaki Syndicate
, with its heirs being born with black irises and white pupils. It is unknown how
Daniel Park
got this ability.
This form is so absurdly powerful, that Daniel Park was able to outright overwhelm the likes of
Jake Kim
,
Samuel Seo
,
Johan Seong
,
Zack Lee
and even fighters like Gun Park and
Goo Kim
totally, up to a certain time period until it wore off.
Even the Copy Genius,
Johan Seong
, was unable to
copy
Daniel's Ultra Instinct state's perfect movements and fighting style for more than ten seconds, lest the strain of emulating such a vastly superior power broke his own body apart from the sheer strain of maintaining it.
Explanation
Ultra Instinct is only possible in the unconscious of certain individuals, which makes this technique exceedingly rare and inaccessible. To be activated, the user needs to be in a state of falling unconscious, but still determined to be standing, so their body starts to control them, thus eliminating any distractions for the fight, managing to generate acuity, power and finesse extremely overwhelming for even the most powerful of individuals/foes.
In this state, it is common for the user to begin fighting in an apathetic way (thanks to fighting with their unconscious), which often causes the impression that they are a "machine" fighting.
Control Levels
According to the user's experience and understanding of this form, it becomes less difficult to control the Ultra Instinct, with the levels of control categorized as:
Completely Unconscious/ True Ultra Instinct
Do you know why Shingen Yamazaki always fights at full strength alone? It's because he doesn't want to harm his subordinates.
Daniel Park's second body completely unconscious in Ultra Instinct.
At this depth, the user's body has no control or awareness of their actions during Ultra Instinct, so they attack anyone in front of them, regardless of who is an ally or enemy. Like a machine, similar to the terminator. Such becomes it's ultimate purpose, that the body automatically targets the most threatening existence in its immediate locality. And all the skills, talents, gifts, training and experience the user has got, seen others doing, seen others copying and even experienced on their bodies since the beginning is totally unleashed with vastly enhanced clarity and flawless execution.
2nd Body Daniel, when he enters this state, arguably becomes the most powerful living fighter in the verse, ascending to a level of prowess and fighting style which aims to directly oppose, counter and overwhelm any adversary in front of him, with just the equal amount of force and technique. Like a perfect living weapon which repels and neutralizes ANY & ALL assault to itself with unrivalled mimetic adaptation. And it seems that Daniel's Ultra Instinct is fundamentally different from that of how the original Yamazaki Clan members and their genetic branches/offshoots use it as their 'Yamazaki' forms.
This theory is given even more credence by the fact that both Gun and
James Lee
in the past understood that Daniel's Ultra Instinct is fundamentally different in how it performs against an opponent. And also keeping in mind that since Daniel Park has the innate and peerless talent/gift to observe, understand, assimilate and evolve ANY move, fighting style, form, attack or physically possible feat of exertion to even greater heights than the original and make it his own, should be factored into this.
That Daniel's Ultra Instinct form might be the 'evolved' form of what the original state does for Yamazaki blood inheritors. Hence how his Ultra Instinct outclassed and outlasted even Gun's own when they were both fighting at the zenith of their physical and martial ability.
Half-Conscious
Daniel managing to control Ultra Instinct in his original body, thus managing to avoid hitting Bakgu Noh.
A state shown by OG Daniel, where he has just enough control for brief moments, that he can manage to at least pull attacks at the last second, but not enough to exploit all its perks and buffs in the direction he truly wants as his own person.
Complete Consciousness/Mastered Ultra Instinct
Gun Park in Ultra Instinct.
The maximum level of Ultra Instinct control, achieved only by the extremely disciplined and powerful, shown so far only by the members of the Yamazaki Family, namely Shingen, Shintaro, Shinji, and Gun. At this level, the user is able to maintain Ultra Instinct for as long as necessary, and their intellect, consciousness and personality remains completely intact, being able to use Ultra Instinct to its maximum capacity and not be controlled by it, instead exploiting it's perks and advantages to suit their individual desires.
It's been hinted that this might be one of the chief reasons as to why Gun Park is the 'Nurture Genius'; because not only has he proven himself to be a phenomenal teacher by training previously mediocre individuals into undeniably powerful fighting savants, but also that he himself learns and grows perpetually by training others, as stated by his boss, since the Ultra Instinct being always active makes him stronger with every fight and every passing moment, warranting Elite's absolute faith in Gun's services.
Yamazaki's Congenital Ultra Instinct
Gun Park awakens his Yamazaki blood in Episode 513.
Once Gun Park learns about James' intention to kill
Charles Choi
from
Goo Kim
and sees for himself that James is indeed very close to apparently achieving that goal, a nigh-lethal slash Goo dealt him on his neck an instant later makes him unconscious, but due to his absolute loyalty to Elite, he forces his body to still stand and retaliate, fulfilling the most important criteria for unleashing this form.
What followed afterwards is that the body which once talked, walked, moved, fought and thought itself to be ‘Gun Park’ underwent a palpable metamorphosis-of-sorts, causing it now to fight with an uncharacteristic evasion and unhinged ferality integrated in its moveset, completely ignoring the injuries and fatigue previously sustained while significantly amplifying all physical stats ranging from strength, speed, reaction and durability to even more monstrous heights.
All conscience is gone and the usually martial-arts focused fighting style is discarded in favor of outright and instantly brutalizing the enemy with wild, blindingly fast strikes with animalistic instincts and perception, turning into a primal beast who only has its mind set on destroying the one in front of it. Usually Gun is a masochist and prefers taking his opponents attacks head on, but for some reason, Gun's body dodged Goo’s slash in this state, causing even Goo to ask “Who are you?”
It seems to heavily imply, from the statements of both James Lee and Goo, that the form which is so far known and called as ‘Ultra Instinct’, is in reality what the true and unleashed 'Yamazaki' nature is supposed to be.
That this is the original power which later became known as Ultra Instinct. And that it brings out the purest aspects of a fighter's psyche and approach to combat, as in Gun's case it only hinged on fighting to overwhelm and destroy with sheer power while in Daniel's case, it fought with just the appropriate strength, skill and movement, employing an otherworldly efficiency, whilst directly countering the opponent so precisely, that it would accurately match the opponent's power level, no matter how extremely high or how low it is, which seems characteristically appropriate to Daniel's innate personality, as he's someone who doesn't necessarily enjoys a fight for fighting's own sake, and just wants to overcome their opponent with the least possible consequences. It is later revealed that the Congenital Ultra Instinct is far more dangerous as it is used to suppress the strength of Yamazaki's violent nature. which can tear apart the opponents on being unleashed it even rivaled Gapryong Kim's strength.