Workers
is a part of the
Four Major Crews
. Their base is south of the Han River. Their leader is
Eugene
.
History
TBA
Organization
They are known to be the crew that strictly earns their cash through legal methods and are said to be very business-like. Jace mentions that Workers are more of an enterprise than a crew when explaining the concepts of the 4 Big Crews to Daniel. Their method for maintaining that they aren't a crew is by earning money through legal matters and official businesses, also dressing in strict business attire.
Unlike God Dog and Big Deal, and like Hostel, Workers is split into several factions that are all recognized as part of the crew, but are separate factions that operate independently but are aware of each other and use similar means of recognizing status. For Workers, these are small badges with colors and patterns:
Black:
VVIPs - Individuals to be treated with the utmost importance, there are only five of them in total. The five VVIPs are
Gun Park
,
Goo Kim
,
Charles Choi
,
Jinyeong Park
, and
Yuseong
.
White Gold:
Presidents of each affiliate - only five exist.
Gold + Symbol:
Senior members of Workers (Executives), Combat Experts, and Directors - important figures in maintaining their factions.
Gold:
Hired mercenaries or new members of Workers - Paid by the Factions, but do not necessarily know that the company belongs to Workers.
None:
Normal workers in the factions and does not recognize the company as part of Workers, but do understand the badge statuses.
The Workers currently consists of four major affiliates that operate through illegal means, but cover up with a legal façade to hide traces. The Workers acquired
K House
and
White Tiger Job Centre
through recent purchases. There was also a fifth affiliate added later on.
First Affiliate: The Grimm Plastic Surgery Center
The Grimm Plastic Surgery Tower
The First Affiliate of
Workers
is a plastic surgery hospital located at the heart of Seoul, with its legal business being that of a plastic surgery clinic directly managed and owned by the affiliate's president
Hangyeoul Baek
.
Their illegal business has two forms: Regular patients, and VIPs. The handling of regular patients involves the dispatch of the clinic's private ambulances, allowing them to show up to emergencies and extort high fees from the loved ones of the patient. The handling of VIPS has them hunt powerful and/or wealthy people so that they can use section 24 of the Mental Health Act, where they can commit a person to a mental hospital, even without the consent of the concerned party as long as consent has been obtained from two people responsible for the person and a mental health professional. When admitting the person, their belongings/properties are distributed to those responsible, effectively usurping their effects and influence. Even though it is outside the law, the psychiatric hospital admits these people and abuses them, acting outside of human rights, and not even allowing the supposed patient to call an attorney.
Second Affiliate: Lucky Casino
Lucky Cassino
The second affiliate's legal business consists of a casino, while the illegal business is called "Circus", where they kidnapped the world's dangerous criminals, and left them to fight and die for the entertainment of the casino's VIPs, after the entry of
Doo Lee
, the Circus was reformulated, starting to be separated into four games, namely:
Ant Shaking: The game is comprised of a game of rock, paper, scissors against the executive
Hyottoko
, if the player loses,
Hyottoko
slaps him with all his strength, if the player wins, he moves on to the next game, if he survives
Hyottoko's
slap, he also advances to the next game. This phase has a secret:
Hyottoko's
pose at the beginning of the game is a direct hint of his chosen move, allowing the player to predict his choice.
Gas Hell: After the first game, the arena is suddenly flooded with (what appears to be) tear gas.
Quest-ism: The game consists of VIPs sending missions to players, if the player completes his mission, in addition to receiving a reward in Won, he moves on to the next round.
Catch-the-God: Players must fight and defeat/kill Executive
Shiba
(after Sinu Han's departure, it remains a mystery as to how the most recent fourth game turned out).
Its CEO is
Mitsuki Soma
, known as Neko but she is temporarily removed from the position due to emotional incapacity, with the branch currently being run by the executive
Ryuhei Kuroda
.
Third Affiliate: Club ViVi
Entrance of Vivi Club
Club ViVi is a nightclub owned by
Vivi
, their former president. Their legal business consisted of running the nightclub, whereas their illegal business was creating and distributing drugs across Korea, one significant example being the Pungsan cult.
At some point, the 3rd Affiliate was the branch that hosted Circus, where players fought naked, presumably to death.
The third affiliate's current president is unknown as
Samuel Seo
, the one who inherited the affiliate from Vivi, was stripped of his position by Eugene.
Fourth Affiliate: ONE MCN
Access card for ONE MCN
ONE MCN is a company that employs streamers to make money. The streamers come from many platforms such as PaprikaTV, Kwitch, and others. Many of these streamers work with legal contracts, but ONE MCN also employs minors to work in their illegal streaming business using fraudulent contracts. These minors are locked in rooms of tempered glass in ONE MCN's basement floor. They are forced to work without pay and are not allowed to leave the facility. Streamers are monitored using cameras and are kept in line via threats from hired mercenaries of the
White Tiger Job Centre
.
ONE MCN was purchased by Alexander Hwang after he made a fortune from Bitcoin following middle school. Hwang was later replaced by Samuel Seo, his former director. Following the downfall of the fourth affiliate at the hands of
Tom Lee
, Charles Choi bought the company and its building and became the official owner of the fourth affiliate.
The fourth affiliate's current president is unknown as
Samuel Seo
, the one who inherited the affiliate from
Hwang
, was stripped of his position by Eugene.
Fifth Affiliate: Loaning Business
The Fifth Affiliate is a loaning business devised by
Eli Jang
after he was forced to join Workers along with
Warren
. Its duties consist of going outside Seoul and forcing people to take loans before they are forced to have to pay a ridiculous sum of money in order to repay the loan.
The fifth affiliate's current president is unknown as Eli Jang, the affiliate's founder and president, has since abandoned his position to return to Hostel with Warren.
Members
Chairman
Eugene
Vice Chairman
Mandeok Bang
VVIPs
Charles Choi
Jinyeong Park
Gun Park
Yuseong
Goo Kim
Presidents
Hangyeoul Baek
Mitsuki Soma
Headquarters
Shigeaki Kojima
Hiroaki Kojima
Executives
No. 1
Ryuhei Kuroda
Kenta Magami
Sato Kazuma
Taegon Wi
Hwang Ho
Sowol Jin
Huseong Ha
Old Face
Jin Jang
Changyong Ji
Dosu Lee
Former Members
Hannya
Kitsune
Shiba Inu
Vivi
Xiaolong
Alexander Hwang
Samuel Seo
Eli Jang
Warren Chae
Logan Lee
Taejin Cheon
Isu Jo
Synopsis
Workers (4th Affiliate)
Daniel Park
joined ONE MCN after receiving a card from Gun. He signed a contract along with
Natalie Cho
and
Amy Lee
to stream for ONE MCN, but the three of them were held hostage and forced to become part of ONE MCN's illegal streaming business. Daniel, Warren and Doo Lee infiltrated ONE MCN as VVIPs to expose their business and save the kidnapped streamers. They managed to find the streamers but were only able to save Amy and Natalie: the other streamers were taken away by the White Tiger agency to the Workers third affiliate, including the president. Daniel lost all evidence of their crimes except for a spy cam he used on his coffee cup during his disguise.
Samuel Seo abandoned ONE MCN afterwards, leaving the company without a leader. However, he still maintained his status as the head of the fourth affiliate. Charles Choi eventually bought ONE MCN from the Workers and became its owner.
Workers (3rd Affiliate)
Club Vivi was infiltrated by Daniel, in order to confirm the dealings inside. Both his bodies were used in order to infiltrate it.
The club was managed by
Vivi
, a Chinese lady who hid in Korea to escape her traditional family, and partly to escape her drug charges in China. She was with
Xiaolong
, her loyal bodyguard.
The Club Vivi closed out in the aftermath of the incident, Vivi forces to return to China and do the arranged marriage her father organised, which Xiaolung intervened. The control came at the hands of Samuel.
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
Sinu Han
disappeared after taking the deal. Daniel had to join forces with
Jake Kim
and
Big Deal
to infiltrate the club run by
Mitsuki Soma
, that has casinos as a front, but actually an underground gladiator coliseum underground.
With the help of pre-
Allied
crew and Jake, they infiltrated the coliseum, joining the death game themselves. In the midst of it, chaos happened. Eventually, they rescued Sinu Han and returned to the Shopping Street.
The affiliate came under
Eugene
's direct control, and gave the control to
Ryuhei Kuroda
.
Workers (1st Affiliate)
Daniel Park
had to form the
Allied
crew to infiltrate the 1st affiliate, in order to talk to
Jinyeong Park
, and find clues where his other body was hidden, at the behest of one of the Pre Generation's clues. He had also called on to
Jerry Kwon
and
Jake Kim
to assist him in infiltrating, with
Jay Hong
's assistance of acquiring an ambulance and
Jibeom Kwak
driving it, and also he wants to rescue
Jihan Kwak
.
The 1st Affiliate was formerly an underground battle royale called "Hell", where the worst of the worst criminals in Korea had to fight to survive. Eugene labelled this the place where "only the strong will survive". The reigining champion was
Cheon Taejin
.
Afterwards, the 1st Affiliate was converted into a mental asylum, where Private First-Aid responders, led by Cheon Taejin would lock up said "mentally unstable" individuals for an indefinite amount of time unless specified, as per request by individuals. VIP's here, are imprisoned by their own request and taken care of like royalty.
The Affiliate was originally run by Eugene himself, and later handed to
Gyeol Baek
, assuming
Hangyeol Baek
's identity.
After the destruction of the affiliate, Daniel Park entered a truce with Eugene to take down Charles Choi.
Crew Strength
TBA
Fighting Capabilities
Due to their large numbers, the Workers have a large amount of competent fighters, some able to contend with the likes of the crew heads, some able to overpower them momentarily.
Allies and Subordinates
Allied
After Daniel Park's revelation and the destruction of the First Affiliate, he offered a truce with Eugene in exchange for 2 things:
A meeting with Chairman Steve Hong
The residence of Gun Park
Weakness
The Workers possess Jinyoung Park and James Lee, two figures of utmost significance to Charles Choi, an extremely powerful figure, formerly Eugene's boss and a follower of the legend of the 0th Generation gapryong kim and he has close ties with the Yamazaki Syndicate in Japan and runs the HNH Group. This would result in the Workers being under constant threat of destruction as Charles works towards finding Jinyoung and capturing Eugene.
Gallery
Ep. 149
- Jace talking about Workers
Ep. 170
- Workers in a bar
Ep. 280
- Jin ready to take Workers on
Ep. 286
- Daniel holding ONE MCN Business Card from Fourth Affiliation
Ep. 292 - VVIPs.png
Ep. 292
- VVIPs
Ep. 318
- Club Vivi
Ep. 319
- Entrance of Club Vivi
Ep. 319
- Workers 3rd Affiliation
Ep. 325
- Club Vivi
Ep. 330
- Hotel Vivi
Ep. 330
- The card system at Hotel Vivi
Ep. 330
- Workers third affiliate executives
Ep. 338
- Workers 3rd Affiliation first meeting
Ep. 341
- Eugene meets with Samuel
Ep. 422
- Changyong giving Eli a drink
Ep. 422
- Workers
Ep. 422
- Workers 2
Ep. 423
- Daniel in front of Workers
Ep. 430
- Workers assembled
Ep. 431
- Workers Headquarters
Ep. 441
- The Grimm Plastic Surgery Tower
Ep. 442
- 5th Affiliate
Ep. 450
- Workers 1st Affiliation
Ep. 451
- Allied vs Workers
Workers symbol
Lucky Cassino
Trivia
References