ATTENTION!
This Article is Currently Incomplete. Please be patient Until this article is complete.
"
TBA
"
—Jaegwang Do  in
episode TBA
Yeowool Ha
is a member of the
1st Generation
and No. 3 of
Speed Faction
. She is the daughter of the former king of Incheon.
Appearance
Yeowool is a beautiful woman of average height with long dark hair that she usually wears in a ponytail. She always displays a neutral and apathetic expression on her face, never showing any emotion. When she pickpockets tourists who want to ally with the Dark Faction, she wears red and white motorcycle clothing and a helmet that gives her a more masculine appearance.
Personality
Yeowool has a saccharine and somewhat cynical personality, showing no emotion or reaction on her face, constantly maintaining a calm and apathetic expression about everything. She only shows some anger when the Dark Faction is mentioned.
Relationships
Jaegyeon Na
Jaegyeon Na was a junior member of her father's gang at the time of 0th Generation and since her father's death, she has followed him as the new King of Incheon believing that he can defeat the Dark Faction.
Yujae Seon
Yujae Seon is the person she hates and despises the most because he is the current leader of the Dark Faction who was responsible for killing her father and expelling the Korean residents of Incheon, having a personal vendetta against him.
Daniel Park
Daniel was initially seen as an enemy by her, as he showed interest in allying with the Dark Faction, but after understanding his intentions and hearing his decision to ally with them, he showed himself to be more friendly although he doesn't say it, even reminding her of her father when she sees his attitude towards protecting the citizens of Incheon.
Synopsis
Yeowool Ha is the daughter of the former King of Incheon who lost his life fighting the
Dark Faction
at the time of the 0th Generation that sought to expel the Korean residents of Incheon and populate it with Chinese. Since then, she has sought revenge for her father's death by joining the remaining members of her father's gang and becoming a member of the Speed Faction serving the new King of Incheon,
Jaegyeon Na
.
Fighting Prowess
As No. 3 of Speed ​​Faction, she is a very powerful fighter, managing to fight and exchange blows with Daniel Park for a while, pressuring him to use one of her copied techniques. She has demonstrated great speed, flexibility, and technique, being able to redirect the force of her opponents' attacks back at them in the form of a powerful counterattack with more damage.
Quotes
TBA
Trivia
TBA