"It's embarrassing to say out loud, but this will help you understand better. I'm the King of Incheon."
—
Yujae Seon to Jake Kim in Ep. 558
Yujae Seon
is a member of the
1st Generation
and is the other King of Incheon. He was once a member of the
Speed Faction
before betraying them and becoming a member and now leader of the
Dark Faction
.
Appearance
He has a lean muscular build, and seems to be a similar height to Jaegyeon Na. His eyes almost appear almost closed based on the art-style in a almost slit-like manner. He has black hair with a small ponytail. He seems to have a preference for expensive clothing, wearing white dress pants secured with a luxury-brand belt, a blue dress shirt with a popped collar, and wears fancy white shoes.
Personality
Yujae is a calm and centered man who always shows a calm and relaxed appearance, but this only masks his real proud and confident personality, valuing personal gain more than principles that he calls "Romanticism" because he knows the value of Incheon and believes that he deserves a good compensation for his help. However, what he values above all is "Justification". He believes that actions only have value if they have a solid foundation, even recognizing the strength of
Gitae Kim
and the gains that he would have by allying himself with him, he does not see value in his cause since in his opinion, a bastard has no right to revive the
Gapryong Kim
era and decides to help his legitimate heir.
History
Yujae was a member of the
Dark Faction
at the time that his former leader was a member of the
0th Generation
and became its leader when he retired as the legitimate King of Incheon, however he is considered only half a king as he is in a civil war for territory against Jaegyeon Na's faction who constantly try to usurp his position.
Relationships
Jaegyeon Na
He has shown hostility towards the other King of Incheon for trying to usurp his position as the rightful king and is in a constant civil war against him.
Jake Kim
At first he showed no interest in forming an alliance with Jake, but in truth he considers him to be Gapryong's only son with justification for becoming the Shadow King and is willing to become his "Elite" and support him in the war against Kim Gitae.
Fighting Prowess
The King Of Incheon is a very skilled fighter easily countering Jake Kim's attack. It can be assumed he is on par with Jaegyeon Na as the two are both kings of Incheon currently fighting in a turf war for the region. Yujae Seon also seems to be incredibly strong, with the feat of lifting Jake Kim in the air with just one arm. It can also be presumed that he is also specializes in Aikido during his brief altercation with Jake Kim.
Yujae demonstrated
Mastery
of Speed and Technqiue
, being extremely fast and agile, easily dodging attacks from three Speed Faction ​​members while demonstrating calmness, even counterattacking a shot practically at point blank range without even showing effort.
Reverse Technique
As a former Yugang Ha, the former King of Incheon, he also mastered his
Unique Skill
that combines mastery of speed and technique to redirect the force of the opponent's attack and add his own speed to increase the damage of the counterattack.
Gallery
Incheon Arc
Ep. 558 - Yujae's First Appearance
Ep. 558 - Yujae's Face
Ep. 558 - Yujae countering Jake Kim
Ep. 558 - Yujae Lifting Jake
Unknown Chapter/Arc
Silhoutte of Yujae