“
His form is shitty, but his strength is the real deal! This motherfucker's attacks are terrifying!
”
— Johan about Yuseong's fighting style, Episode 421
Yuseong
is an antagonist in Lookism. He is one of
Eugene
's bodyguards, his twin brother and a VVIP of Workers.
Appearance
He has very striking similarities to
Daniel Park
. He has pale skin with freckles on his face and black hair with a fringe that covers his forehead. He almost always wears a gray cap that completely covers his eyes, a white sweater, blue jeans, white sneakers, and his VVIP black badge. Sometimes his sweater has various orange stains. He has also been shown to wear the standard gray Workers uniform on occasion, along with his white sneakers instead of dress shoes.
At school, he wears the standard school uniform along with a hoodie that covers his head.
[
2
]
Personality
He does not speak to anyone and generally reserves himself for fighting opponents on behalf of Eugene or following his orders. He appears to have a child-like personality.  He plays with children's toys and has been shown to possess unhygienic habits, such as putting his shoes against a car dashboard, eating very messily, sucking flavoring off his fingers, and wearing stained clothing.
[
3
]
When he is fighting opponents, he will consistently pull his cap down to hide his face. He only smiles when he is having a hard time, like polar opposite with his twin brother Eugene, who slumps when hard times happen.
Relationships
Eugene
Eugene is his twin brother. He is one of Eugene's bodyguards and is one of his best friends. Eugene considers him along with
Mandeok
as his version of Gun and Goo.
Mandeok Bang
It is unknown what their personal relationship is. However, they get along as coworkers and spend time together along with Eugene.
Synopsis
History
His past is still unknown, what is known is that at some point, in Elite Private Middle and High School, he made a "clean" in his school, the reason remains unknown, a little after the clean up, Goo Kim appears at the request of his brother, Eugene, however, it is too late for Goo to do his job since Yuseong defeated all the students in the school, after which he cries and hugs his brother while Eugene makes a monologue to Goo, still in his slumped phase.
Fighting Prowess
Yuseong is one of the strongest fighters in the workers and in the whole 4 major crews. He was able to keep up and beat Daniel during the Summit Meeting, despite Daniel using systema and UI moves. Daniel even noted that he was the strongest person in the room at the meeting, even when people like Johan and Jake were there. He doesn't have a martial art, said by Yohan, Yuseong has not learned anything about martial arts techniques, since his form is terrible, but with destructive blows
[
4
]
, therefore, Yohan concludes that he is strong by his fighting instinct.
His true strength was better demonstrated during his fight with Tom Lee. He was able to launch Tom Lee flying and was dodging most of his attacks. Tom Lee kept praising him, stating that he is very fast and despite his small body, he is able to keep up. Even though Tom Lee trained Eli and fought Johan, he regarded that Yuseong is probably the strongest among his peers.
In the Hunt for Big Deal arc we saw the heights of his power and it was immense, first off he was barely on the losing end of a fight with 'Base' Johan until he started smiling, what Eugene mentioned is that Yuseong was never seen smiling in a fight because winning a fight is too easy for Yuseong. Once Yuseong started smiling he demolished Johan without any effort, it was to the point that Johan couldn't react and see his attacks. After getting overwhelmed with zero effort by Yuseong, Johan attempted to copy (Perfect/2nd Body) UI Daniel Park (he obviously wasn't as strong or fast as him) and they were evenly matched with Yuseong outlasting the 10 seconds that Johan had and forced Johan more strain on his muscles and nervous system to release the signature "Take it Back" kick, but Yuseong blocked it and passed out for a couple seconds. Eugene claimed that Johan had won the fight but while Johan used CQC to try and take out Eugene, Yuseong got back up to take the attack and Johan gained a begrudging respect for Yuseong for being strong and protecting family. Also while Johan passed out and was out of the war Yuseong ended up going on to fight both Daniel Park and Gun Park. Yuseong has immense stamina, durability and endurance along with his strength and speed as he was able to effortlessly first destroy Jake Kim in a fight with Jake saying that he felt pathetic, then Yuseong jumped out of a window and ran down the school buildings wall, ran to Eugene's location, fought Johan Seong, took CQC and (Walmart UI) attacks, got up and fought Daniel and finally got knocked out by Gun Park.
In the Hunt For Gun arc, together with Mandeok Bang, Eugene was able to break one of Gun Park's arms at the expense of his knees, showing his strength.
Due to the descriptions given by Johan, Yuseong may also have the same trait of
Innate Strength
as all known members of the Kim Bloodline.
Trivia
He has been shown to use both his right and left hand to eat, indicating that he might be ambidextrous.
[
2
]
[
3
]
According to Eugene, he is "obsessed with strong guys".
He exhibits childlike behaviors such as wearing dirty clothes, sucking flavoring off his finger, and playing with toys.
Before his face was revealed he was commonly referred to as Cap Guy
Gallery
The Summit Meeting
Ep. 348
- Yuseong with phone
Ep. 349
- Eugene is welcomed as the head of the Workers
Ep. 349
- Eugene walking to the middle of the room
Ep. 349
- Warren wondering who he is
Ep. 349
- Workers surround Johan
Ep. 350
- Jake & Yuseong watching
Ep. 351
- Yuseong vs Daniel
Ep. 352
- Eugene talking to Daniel
Ep. 353
- Gangseo & Gangnam Union
James Lee (Arc)
Ep. 354
- Jake's flashback 2
Ep. 355
- Daniel talking to Eugene
Workers (2nd Affiliate)
Ep. 373
- Eugene talking to Daniel
Ep. 374
- Eugene Flashback
Ep. 375
- Warren's Flashback
Ep. 385
- VVIP in car
Ep. 391
- Workers show up
Ep. 392
- Workers
Ep. 393
- VVIP dodges Tom
Ep. 393
- Tom vs Workers
The Hunt for Hostel
Ep. 399
- Jake's flashback
Ep. 403
- Eugene arrives with his bodyguards
First Generation King
Ep. 404
- Eli explaining his business plan
The Hunt for Big Deal
Ep. 411
- Workers
Ep. 411
- Xiaolong arrives
Ep. 412
- Lua talks about Workers strength
Ep. 413
- Eugene sitting
Ep. 414
- Yuseong playing with toys
Ep. 414
- Yuseong's face reveal
Ep. 414
- Yuseong's face
Ep. 414
- Jake vs Xiaolong & Yuseong
Ep. 415
- Jack vs Yuseong & Xiaolong
Ep. 416
- Yuseong & Xiaolong fighting Jake
Ep. 417
- Jake running at Xiaolong & Yuseong
Ep. 420
- Yuseong saves Eugene
Ep. 421
- Yuseong in Flashback (15 Years old)
Ep. 421
- Johan copies Vasco
Ep. 422
- Eugene's flashback
Ep. 424
- Yuseong & Mandeok tired
Ep. 425
- Eugene's flashback
Ep. 425
- Daniel using Karate vs Yuseong
Ep. 426
- Gun flipping everyone over
Ep. 426
- Gun holding Yuseong
Ep. 429
- Eugene's flashback
The United Four Major Crews
Ep. 430
- Workers assembled
Ep. 431
- Daniel talking about Workers power
Funeral
Ep. 442
- Mandeok & Yuseong standing guard
Workers (1st Affiliate)
Ep. 477
- Eugene guards ready to fight
Ep. 478
- Mandeok asking about the truce
References
↑
1.0
1.1
1.2
[1]
Episode 421
↑
2.0
2.1
Webtoon, Episode 352
↑
3.0
3.1
Webtoon, Episode 353
↑
Webtoon,
Episode 421: The Hunt For Big Deal (11)