Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
J High School
Daniel Park
Old Body
Despite being in a very strange and brutal situation, Daniel managed to convince Zack, without Daniel knowing, to stop bullying others and defend the weak. In subsequent episodes, it is shown that they usually get along well with each other.
New Body
When Daniel is first in his body, Zack is shown to resent Daniel for "flirting" with Mira despite doing nothing. In Daniel's old body, Zack takes out his anger on his for having the same name when Daniel is working. In Daniel's new body, he chooses to ignore Zack's remarks about him until the mention of his mother. Zack is confused at first, but is then angered when he notices Mira staring at Daniel, leading to their fight to which Daniel wins.
The two have a resentful relationship until when Daniel is asked to hangout and is met with Zack, who Daniel later remarks that he thought Zack and Mira were dating due to their close relationship, deeming them a couple. Zack, drunk, is joyed by Daniel's remark and deems him a good person.
The two have a somewhat playful rivalry between them, mostly one-sided by Zack. Zack envies Daniel for his talent, yet never l blames him for it and instead chooses to work harder while claiming himself talented as well.
Later on in the Webtoon, the two are good friends. Going on trips together, fighting and even teaming together in fights. Even when Daniel suddenly goes missing, Zack confronts Daniel about his absence and tells him how worried he was for Daniel. The two have a great friendship as of now.
Doo Lee
TBA
Han Park
TBA
Jasmine Huh
When Jasmine used Mira's picture to sell spit to perverts he threatened her into avoiding school. She disappeared, and he felt guilty about scaring her. He made it his mission to find Jasmine and make sure she doesn't end up like Jiho.
Kay Jang
Love Interests
Mira Kim
When Zack was young, he had made a wish to protect Mira. As he grew older, his romantic attraction to Mira never faded. Zack tries to stop fighting because of her, and he only fights to defend her later on.
Friend's
Johan Seong
Zack used to defend Johan from bullies when he was younger. He cared about Johan and was upset when he abandoned them. When he learned about Johan's crush on Mira he became determined to become a better fighter than him and win Mira's heart.