Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Exposition
Chapter 2
The protagonist, Daniel, first meets Jin Sung on the streets after Daniel, in his original body, had just gotten a haircut. Daniel thought his haircut had made him very handsome, but nobody else seemed to think so. When Daniel finds Mijin looking at him, he thinks that she is interested in him, so he smiles at her. Jin Sung sees Daniel smile at Mijin and thinks he's propositioning her. He confronts Daniel, and may have gotten into a fight if Mijin had not steered him away, telling him not to act aggressively in public. While walking away, Mijin smiles apologetically at Daniel for Jin Sung's behaviour. However, Daniel takes the smile for flirting and asks Mijin and Jin Sung out for coffee. Unable to keep his anger under control, Jin Sung punches Daniel in the face while bystanders took pictures and uploaded them online.
Chapter 4
The first day of school, Daniel realizes that his seat is right next to Jin Sung's. When Ha Neul begins flirting with Daniel, Jin Sung tells her to stop flirting because it was annoying.
When Jin Sung sees Mijin staring at Daniel, he begins to hate Daniel for being handsome because he thinks that Mijin likes Daniel.
Chapter 5
When Jin Sung goes to the convenience store where Daniel works at night, he is upset because he thinks Mijin is attracted to Daniel in his new body. He tries to extort free alcohol and cigarettes from Daniel despite the fact that he and his friends were all underage.
It was also revealed that Chapter 2 was Jin Sung's date with Mijin. Moreover, Jin Sung had asked Mijin out, but she had refused.
Jin Sung was so upset by all this that he beats Daniel up. In order to ensure that Daniel doesn't say anything, they take pictures of him with his pants down.
The next day, Daniel in his new body walk in on Jin Sung, his friends from last night, and Ha Neul talking about the way Jin Sung had beat him up the night before. Jin Sung's friend was showing off the picture he had taken of Daniel with his pants down. Ha Neul waves at Daniel, telling him that Jin Sung's friend had something fun to show them. Daniel gets mad because they were making fun of him.
Chapter 6
When Jin Sung's friends show off the picture of Daniel and compliment Jin Sung's speed, Jin Sung tells them that he isn't proud of hitting Daniel even though he actually wants them to speak up louder so Mijin would hear. He thinks that Mijin would think he is cool for being very strong. Instead, Mijin says that he hates the way Jin Sung fights all the time. She explains that in Chapter 2 Jin Sung had invited her to the movies only to get into a fight (with Daniel). The girl chatting with Mijin tells her that Jin Sung used to be a rising boxer in middle school.
Jin Sung brags about his fighting expertise by explaining that he shouldn't have hit Daniel with a straight punch but instead with a jab.
He and his friends then laugh that Daniel's mother must also be "a pig," and Mijin thinks they are disgusting.
One of Jin Sung's friends then says that he will take both Daniel in his original body and his mother. He goes on to say that Daniel's mother would not have been happy when she gave birth to him and that, if he were her, he would have had an abortion.
Daniel realizes that his mother was being insulted because of him and gets up to tell Jin Sung and his friends that they have gone too far. With this, Jae Yeol, friends of Jin Sung, Mijin and Ha Neul seem surprised, while Jin Sung is outraged because Daniel made a fool in front of Mijin.
Jin Sung then takes a fight with Daniel, raising his own table and telling Daniel to get up.
Autumn Boot Camp Arc
Daniel sits next to Jin Sung on the bus to the camp.
When in the camp, after the talent show, Jin Sung and Daniel are invited by Hyun Do to drink with him and several girls from the Department of Beauty. Jin Sung makes an excuse to leave, and Daniel follows. Jin Sung takes Daniel to Mijin's room where they drink with Mijin, Ha Neul, Ji Ho and another girl. Because they all fainted after being drunk, except for Mira, who did not drink a drop, they were not caught by the camp counselors.
Later, when Mijin was nowhere to be found, Jin Sung ran to find her, alerting Daniel that something was wrong. Jin Sung finds Mijin in a shed, crying and bleeding, trying to keep
Zeus
, the camp instructor who was trying to untie her pants, out of it. Infuriated, Jin Sung attacks him, only for Zeus to seize him. Jin Sung realizes belatedly that Zeus knows Muay Thai, and Zeus is able to break his ribs and both arms. Zeus thinks he has won, but Won Bin suddenly grabs Zeus's leg. Won Bin, unable to stand, crawled to stop Zeus. Jin Sung soca Zeus in the face, despite his broken arms. When Daniel encounters Jin Sung and Mijin, they find Jin Sung out of his mind, repeatedly punching Zeus in the face.
As Zeus is being taken away by the police, viewers comment that he looks too handsome to be a sex offender and speculates on this to be a false accusation. Meanwhile, they laugh at the fact that Won Bin looks more like the perpetrator than the hero. Jin Sung, sitting in the back of an ambulance, confronts the onlookers, telling them to care about their mouths. He bows to Wo Bin, thanking him for protecting him and Mijin. When Mijin asks if Jin Sung is well, Jin Sung energetically replies that he is totally fine and tells her to stay with the police. As soon as Mijin leaves, he collapses. Jin Sung was so injured that it took two months to recover, and Mijin was taken to take apples in the hospital bed and thanked him for saving her.
Eun Tae says he came because he wanted to make people stop saying he's dumb. Jin Sung, trying to act cool despite his obvious fear, laughs at Eun Tae's superstitious ideas, making fun of Eun Tae, saying that ghosts do not really exist. Bum Jae tells him that if he is not afraid, he should sign his name on the glass frame around the picture.
When Jin Sung arrives at the warehouse, he realizes that the lights can not be lit. He then rushes to a glass panel, only to see the portrait of the ghost woman staring maliciously at him, bloodshot eyes wide open. Jin Sung hastily signs his name on glass and skedaddles. As he runs back into the classroom, he cries like a baby, just in case.
In the classroom, Bum Jae is incredulous that Jin Sung signed his name on the portrait. He wants to take an immediate look at Eun Tae, but Eun Tae, scared, tells him to go tomorrow.
The next morning, the school is agitated with the news that Jin Sung has signed his name on the portrait, and they all head to the storage room to see if it's true.
When they get there, they realize that Jin Sung's signature is not in the glass frame outside the picture, but in the windowpane. Jin Sung realizes that the lady's eyes of the picture are closed and that he actually saw the ghost the night before. He faints and wet his pants.
In the end, he explains that if he had hallucinated due to fear or actually seen a ghost, the important thing was that Mijin saw him wet his pants.
Jay's Wallet
When Jae Yeol rushes to the seat of Daniel to teach him a problem, Jin Sung can be seen sleeping next to Daniel in the classroom.
Troubled Transfer
He is seen by
Jay-gal Song
with Mira in the lunchroom. Jay-gal pretends to accidentally bump into him, making food from his lunch tray hit Logan Lee. When Zack apologizes and brushes the food off, Logan glares at him. Zack responds by apologizing submissively, much to the anger of Jay-gal. Zack and Mira leave without getting into a fight.
They take a seat and Mira prays, with Zack pretending to pray to please her. However, in the middle of Mira's prayer, Logan dumps food on Mira's head on purpose.
[
1
]
Jay-gal giddily thinks that Zack is going to get angry at Logan, but Zack instead takes a napkin and wipes the food off Mira, asking if she's okay. He asks a girl to take Mira to wash off in the bathroom. Logan mistakenly thinks that Zack is just an idiot. When Mira leaves, Zack suddenly punches Logan in the face, catching him off guard.
Jay-gal thinks that Logan is going to beat Zack, but Zack punches Logan and he is surprised by Zack's speed. Logan wipes the blood off his nose and Zack says he is surprised by Logan's defense. Zack says he can deal with someone bothering him, but not Mira.
Zack goes in to kick him when Logan counters with a "body blow" which Zack blocks with his arms. In his head, he worries that his arms are broken again. Logan is shocked that his punch was blocked, but quickly recovers. He tackles Zack into the floor and he screams, which makes Vasco overhear the fight.
[
2
]
Logan pours food onto him. Zack tries to get up, but he can't because he hadn't worked out in a while. He said that he wouldn't regret it, yet he did. He is unable to get off the ground. A wet-haired Mira steps between him and Logan. Logan pulls her hair, which makes Zack extremely angry and he punches Logan in the nose. He tells Mira to dry her hair or else she'd get a cold and Mira is touched by his concern.
Vasco grabs him Logan by the shoulder to try and stop the fight, but Zack tells him not to interfere. At that moment, Jin Vin steps through the door and wants to rechallenge Logan. The three want to challenge Logan to fight.
[
3
]
Cult Arc
Young Johan, Mira, and Zack are in church and they pray to God. Zack prays that he would get together with Mira. Someone holds out a basket for an offering and Zack asks if giving more money would mean better things, and Johan mysteriously tells him not necessarily. Zack then shoves the money back in his pocket, saying that he was saving the money for the arcade anyways.
The young trio and in a neighborhood getting haircuts, and Zack says that the neighborhood was crappy. Zack aggressively asks Yohan's mom if she was doing his hair correctly, and Mira angrily scolds him.
The three get wish bracelets, and Zack wishes to marry Mira in the future.
At 15 years old, Zack saves Johan from a group of bullies, but Johan runs away and refuses to acknowledge that he knows Zack. Mira sees them, but doesn't talk to Zack until after Johan runs away.
[
4
]
References
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 124
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 125
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 126
↑
Webtoon,
Chapter 132