Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
“
Daniel? Hi, I’m Zoe
”
Zoe Park
(
박하늘 Park Ha Neul
) is a secondary character in
Lookism
. She is a student within the fashion department of
J High School
.
Appearance
Though it has never been explicitly said throughout the Manhwa, Zoe is considered to be a very beautiful young lady. She is rather tall, clocking in at 5'8, taller than most characters who suffered the Lookism such as Daniel. She has a curvy figure, with her biggest assist being her noticeable bust. She has shoulder-length black hair curls up on her shoulders while sporting bangs, in the anime it's just kept as straight black hair, clear fair skin, and brown eyes as seen in the anime.
She is mainly shown wearing the standard J high female uniform without the tan-colored vest. Outside of school, she is seen wearing a variety of fashionable outfits, they are never consistent and are usually one-off appearances, but her most notable non-school outfit is the one she wears while visiting Little Daniel at his part-time job at the start of the series. Consisting of a black shirt covered with a gray zip-up sweater, blue sweat shorts, and white socks with pink-colored shoes, it's the design they use for the mobile game.
Personality
She initially came off as a shallow person. At school she was known to be a flirt, trying to get with guys based on their looks alone. She immediately attempted to flirt with Big
Daniel Park
and fell in love with him just because of his perfect looks. The same logic can be applied in reverse, she judges people due to their unconventional appearances rather than looking at the content of their character.
However, after being saved from a stalker by Daniel in his original body, even after how she treated him, She begins to have a crush on Daniel's original body, this time not because of his appearance but for the content of his character. It was shown that she was genuinely a good person, as seen how protective of those close to her, as seen by the struggles she went through at the hands of Logan Lee to protect small Daniel, but had her morals in the wrong places. After this in-counter with Little Daniel, she continuously has shown to be kind to everyone, including strangers, even when it isn't beneficial to her, trying to show others the kindness Daniel showed her that day. This is shown when she puts a band-aid on
Logan Lee
when she gives
Stalker Girl
a hot pack.
Quotes
Trivia
Zoe's japanese name name
Mirei
means "beautiful" (美) (
mi
) and "wise" (怜) (
rei
). Mirei's surname
Kagawa
means "fragrance, fragrant" (香) (
ka
) and "river, stream" (川) (
kawa
/
gawa
).
Zoe is a fan of
BTS
, as shown in Chapter 39 when she is excited that they had replied to one of her comments.
Zoe's dream is to gain 10 million subscribers online. She has lessened her activity online after she was stalked, but is still determined to reach her goal even after the incident.
Zoe has the highest score in maths for the fashion department.
After the stalker incident Zoe is often shown internally struggling with who she likes most (Big Daniel and Small Daniel).
References
↑
Listed in the Japanese Profile
↑
Listed in the Japanese Profile