Sub-Pages:
Overview
Synopsis
Relationships
Image Gallery
Love Interests
Daniel Park
Zoe realizing Daniels height growth
Zoe first met Daniel in his new body. Being the first person to ever flirt with Daniel, she initially came off as a shallow person, only pressurizing him for his looks, a practice she would always do every time she sees a good-looking guy. The same logic applied to his original body, she judged and didn't respect him due to his unconventional appearance. However, after being saved from a stalker by Daniel in his original body, even after how she treated him, she realizes that she shouldn't just like someone for their looks. She begins to have a crush on Daniel's original body, this time not because of his appearance but for the content of his character. She would try to repay the kindness he showed him, whether that be keeping him company convenience store late at night or checking up on him by asking Big Daniel how Little Daniel was doing or just asking him things about him to know more about him. Her nickname for his old body is "Piggy", once a way to insult him, became a name she would use rather affectionately towards him. While Daniel was taken aback by this change of attitude, he would soon warm up to her and the two would become close friends, something he would hold dearly. He was so comfortable with her that she was the only person he willingly shared his past of being bullied and an outcast, something he claimed he couldn't be honest with his friends due to the fear of losing them if they found out and when Logan came back into his life, Daniel was willing to leave everything behind if it meant that Logan could no longer take advantage of him to get closer to her.
Daniel waring Zoe of accepting free Plastic Surgery from the First Affiliate
Zoe cried that day, she realized that almost everyone in his life (including her) treated him horribly because of his appearance, and even if it was in a misguided effort to do so, he would do anything to protect her. Zoe didn't want Daniel to suffer anymore, and to protect him, she confronted Logan. Logan took advantage of this desperation and forced her into a contract, they would go on six dates to try and make her fall in love with him and if didn't work, he would leave both of them alone. However, he didn't make it easy, regularly abusing her physically and emotionally with threats of killing Daniel if she did not comply with his wishes. Zoe felt trapped in a box, a box she concluded that Daniel was in after all his years of bullying, but it didn't matter to her. No matter how many times she was talked bad about, no more how many times she was hit, no matter how many times she cried, it will all be worth it if it meant that Daniel could just sit back and not suffer anymore. So when she found Daniel at her doorstep with the words "You're finally looking at me." with nothing but a smile on his face after beating Logan. She hugged him, and to see that the struggles she went through to protect Daniel paid off, she cried tears of relief and happiness.
Despite it still being unconfirmed whether or not Daniel shares the same feelings she does, it's undeniable the two of them are the closest of friends. Whether it be Daniel literary storming the First Affiliate to save Zoe from a botched plastic surgery to Zoe putting her body and feelings on the line to protect Daniel from his bullies the smaller thing like Daniel denouncing the rumors of Zoe being considered 'easy' to get with to Zoe supporting and celebrating Daniels weight loss. Both have mutual respect and deeply care for each other well being.
Logan Lee
Zoe is Logan's ex-girlfriend. She dated him out of fear that he would hurt Daniel if she refused, but was spared when Daniel fought Logan for her freedom. She hates Logan due to his terrible personality. Despite this Logan still likes her and carries a band-aid that she gave him long ago.
Friends
Zack Lee
Zack Lee used to see Zoe as a flirt,
[
1
]
but after Daniel becomes friends with both of them, they get along.
Mira Kim
Zoe is good friends with Mira, to Zack's annoyance.
Crystal Choi
Zoe is friends with Crystal, despite her ill-will for her romantic interest towards Daniel. She wished Crystal well regarding her relationship with Daniel when she was dating Logan.
Zoe started liking Crystal in her old body, Crystal saved her and Zoe's friends from girls in Potato High. Zoe also developed a crush on Crystal's second body in the Wuthering J high school
[
1
]
arc.
References
↑
1.0
1.1
Webtoon,
Chapter 251